<figure>
</figure>


MetLife · AURA
Identity & Fraud Protection


<figure>
</figure>


Smart, simple identity and fraud
protection all in one place.

Keep your private information private.


# Why Identity & Fraud Protection matters

We're doing more online than ever before - making us more
vulnerable to fraud and online threats. MetLife and Aura Identity
& Fraud Protection helps safeguard the things that matter to
you most: your identity, money and assets, family, reputation,
and privacy.


<figure>
<figcaption>The average consumer's digital activity</figcaption>

22
devices1

100
online passwords2

8+
hours/day online3

</figure>


<figure>

9:41

ĀURA

Monitoring is active

Hi Alex, you've got 5
new alerts

9
Login credentials found

View details

Transactions

5 over limit transactions in the
last 30 days

E

Taxi Co
**** 5346 - Travel

$118.55

0

Cash Advance
**** 5346 - Service

$1534.73

Cafe Altro Paradiso

$89.55

</figure>


The Aura app keeps all
your digital security
solutions in one place.


# Facts & Stats


<figure>

L

</figure>


The FBI receives over
2,000 fraud
complaints daily.4


<figure>
</figure>


Victim losses are
reported to be over
10.3 billion last year. 4


<figure>
</figure>


50% of Americans are
worried about their digital
security, like having their
personal data breached.1

<!-- PageBreak -->

<!-- PageHeader="Identity & Fraud Protection" -->


# Why you need MetLife and Aura Identity & Fraud Protection

On average, it takes about 100 to 200 hours and over six months to
undo identity theft.5


## Benefits of Identity & Fraud Protection powered by Aura


<figure>
</figure>


### Identity Theft Protection

Get alerted to detected threats to your identity, SSN,
online accounts & more. Plus, guard against data
brokers that try to sell your info on the Web


<figure>
</figure>


### Financial Fraud Protection

Stay a step ahead of threats with credit monitoring &
alerts, optional credit lock, and financial account
monitoring to help keep your assets safe.


### 1


### Privacy & Device Protection

Connect online more securely and privately with
intelligent safety tools that help protect your password,
devices, and Wi-Fi connections from hackers.


<figure>
</figure>


### Customer Service

Get $5 million identity theft insurance6 per adult
member and 24/7 customer support to answer
account, technical, or billing questions. Plus,
resolution specialists provide white glove case
management services to victims of fraud.


<figure>
</figure>


# How it works


## Consider this scenario:

Mark received an email from what
he thought was his bank asking
him to update his account info.
He did so and, shortly after, was
contacted about an attempt to add
a new user to his bank account.
He realized this may have been
a phishing scam and alerted
Aura's fraud expert team right
away. A Resolution Specialist
helped him quickly resolve
the issue.

*This is a hypothetical example
for illustrative purposes only.


<figure>

MetLife

</figure>


<!-- PageBreak -->

<!-- PageHeader="Identity & Fraud Protection" -->


# Frequently Asked Questions


## Why is having identity & fraud protection so important?

A. Everything you do is online, which makes your personal info more vulnerable. Get peace of mind
knowing that you've taken a big step in protecting yourself from online threats, identity theft, and
fraud.


## What are some of the benefits of this protection?

A. Aura offers robust protection by monitoring your personal info, credit, finances, and devices
and alerting you of suspicious activity. It's proactive protection to help stop threats before they strike.
If you are a victim of fraud, an experienced Resolution Specialist will help you navigate credit
bureaus, help initiate credit freezes or a credit lock, and work with you to resolve your fraud incident.


## Who can I protect with a Family plan?

A. Account owners can add up to 10 adults to their plan. There are no restrictions on adult family
members - no matter where they live, their age, relationship, or whether they are financially
dependent on the employee. Each adult member gets their own private, full-feature Aura account.

Account owners may also add unlimited minors (under 18) to their plan if they have parental
guardianship rights over the minor. The minor's alerts will be available for only the account owner to
review.


## How do I pay for my identity and fraud protection?

A. Fees will be paid through payroll deduction, so you don't have to worry about writing a check or
missing a payment. For Employer-paid plans, any buy-up is paid via credit card directly to Aura.


## What else do I get?

A. Every digital security plan comes with $5 million identity theft insurance6 and 24/7/365 U.S .- based
customer support.

Enroll at www.metlife.com
or contact your HR representative to
learn more.

Questions? Aura's customer
service team is available
24/7/365. Call 1-844-931-2872.

1\. Connectivity and Mobile Trends Survey, Deloitte US (https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/about-deloitte/articles/press-releases/connectivity-and-mobile-trends.html), Accessed June 2023

2\. How Many Passwords Does The Average Person Have in 2023?, IncrediTools (https://increditools.com/how-many-passwords-does-the-average-person-have/), Accessed June 2023

3.Average time spent per day with digital media in the United States from 2011 to 2024 (https://www.statista.com/statistics/262340/daily-time-spent-with-digital-media-according-to-us-consumsers/),
Accessed June 2023

4\. Federal Bureau of Investigation Internet Crime Report 2022 (https://www.ic3.gov/Media/PDF/AnnualReport/2022_IC3Report.pdf), Accessed July 2023.

5\. How to report identity theft, ConsumerAffairs (https://www.consumeraffairs.com/finance/how-to-report-identity-theft.html), July 21, 2023.

6\. As a component of becoming an Aura Plan member, Consumers receive identity theft insurance through a group policy issued to Aura which is underwritten and administered by American Bankers
Insurance Company of Florida, an Assurant company, which is not an affiliate or subsidiary of MetLife. Checking & Savings Cash Recovery and 401(K) & HSA Cash Recovery are part of and not in addition
to the Expense Reimbursement limit of liability. The description herein is a summary and intended for informational purposes only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies
described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms, conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.

No one can prevent all identity theft or monitor all transactions effectively.

Aura is a product of Aura Sub, LLC. Aura Sub, LLC. is not affiliated with MetLife, and the services and benefits they provide are separate and apart from any MetLife product.


<figure>

MetLife

</figure>


<!-- PageFooter="MetLife Consumer Services, Inc.| 200 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10166 L0324039063[exp0326][All States][DC,GU,MP,PR,VI] @2024 MetLife Services and Solutions, LLC." -->
