<figure>

<!-- PageHeader="BlueCross BlueShield of Oklahoma" -->

®

3

</figure>


<figure>

Your Doctor Is In ...
Provider Finder
R

</figure>


# It's now easier to find a provider and manage health care expenses.

Provider Finder from
Blue Cross and Blue Shield
of Oklahoma (BCBSOK) is a
fast, easy-to-use tool that
improves members'
experience when they're
looking for in-network health
care providers. Plus, it can
help them manage their out-
of-pocket costs.

The updated Provider Finder platform has undergone intensive testing. The result is
a better experience that will help members be smarter consumers of health care.

By going to bcbsok.com, members can login or create an account on
Blue Access for MembersSM (BAMSM) and use Provider Finder to:

· Find in-network providers, clinics, hospitals and pharmacies.

· Search by specialty, ZIP code, language spoken, gender and more.

· See clinical certifications and recognitions.

· Compare quality awards for doctors, hospitals and more.

· Read or add reviews for providers.

· Estimate the out-of-pocket costs for more than 1,700 health care
procedures, treatments and tests .*

· Find cost savings opportunities using the Medication Finder tool.


<figure>

y
O

\-

</figure>


# Go Mobile with BCBSOK

Even on the go members can manage their ID cards and stay on top claims activity, coverage
information and prescription refill reminders. It's easy: Log into or create a BAM account at
bcbsok.com or text BCBSOK to 33633 ** to download our mobile app.

\* Not all plans provide this information.

** Message and data rates may apply. Terms and conditions and privacy policy are available at bcbsok.com/mobile/text-messaging.

<!-- PageFooter="Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma, a Division of Health Care Service Corporation, a Mutual Legal Reserve Company, an Independent Licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association" -->
<!-- PageFooter="609218.0422" -->
