Underwritten by: National Casualty Company
Home Office: One Nationwide Plaza . Columbus, Ohio 43215
Administrative Office: 18700 North Hayden Road . Scottsdale, Arizona 85255
1-800-423-7675 . A Stock Company

DIRECT ALL INQUIRES AND CLAIMS TO: DVM Insurance Agency:
101 California Street, 9th Floor, Suite 900 . San Francisco, CA 94111 . 1-800-540-2016 . 1-714-989-0555


# VB-II COVERAGE FORM


## 1. INSURING AGREEMENT

We will provide the insurance described in this policy in return for your premium payment when due and
compliance with all policy provisions. We will pay covered veterinary expenses that you incur during the
policy term for the diagnosis or treatment of your pet's condition provided to your pet during the policy
term. Benefit payments are subject to all exclusions, limitations and conditions of this insurance policy.


# 2. DEFINITIONS ☒

We define words or phrases in your policy. We identify these terms with bold typeface. Any veterinary
medical terms or phrases not defined in this policy will be interpreted as defined in the most recent edition
of Blood D.C., Studdert V.P., Gay C.C., Saunders Comprehensive Veterinary Dictionary.
London, UK: W.B. Saunders.

A. Chronic condition means a condition that can be treated or managed, but not cured.

B. Condition means an illness or injury that your pet contracts or incurs that may result in veterinary
expenses, for treatment or procedures required to manage the condition.

C. Covered veterinary expenses means reasonable and necessary veterinary expenses that you incur
for veterinary services that are eligible for payment under this policy.

D. Cured means the condition is eliminated and has no effect on your pet so that your pet is fully
restored to normal health without any further treatment or management.

E. Drug or drugs means medication or other substance administered as an injectable, orally, topically,
rectally, or through inhalation and is undergoing clinical trials for or approved by the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) or the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) that is used to treat an
eligible condition.

F. Family member means a person living in your household or a person who is related by blood, marriage
or adoption whether living in your household or not.

G. Illness means any condition caused by or associated with disease, including pregnancy.

H. Injury means physical damage to your pet's body caused by an unforeseen physical action or force
outside your pet's body.

I. Nutritional supplement means oral or injectable dietary supplements, including vitamins and
nutraceuticals, prescribed to treat a condition that is covered by your policy.

J. Pet means the animal identified on the Declarations Page or Renewal Certificate of this policy.

K. Pet insurance means property insurance that provides coverage for accidents and illnesses of pets.

L. Pre-existing condition means a condition for which any of the following are true prior to the effective
date of a pet insurance policy or during a waiting period: A. A veterinarian provided medical advice
regarding the condition; B. The pet received previous treatment for the condition; or

<!-- PageFooter="VS-G-14 (01-23)" -->
<!-- PageNumber="Page 1 of 6" -->
<!-- PageBreak -->

C. Based on information from verifiable sources, the pet had signs or symptoms directly related to the
condition for which a claim is being made.

M. Prescribed means: (1) directly provided by; or (2) authorized by written instruction of a
veterinarian.

N. Prescription pet food means a manufactured pet diet formulated to be used in a diagnostic or
therapeutic setting which has modifications of nutrient concentrations outside the current Association
of America Feed Control Officials (AAFCO) guidelines for healthy pets. Prescription pet food is
prescribed solely to treat or manage a condition that is covered by your policy and is available
exclusively through your veterinarian, or by prescription from your veterinarian.

O. Spouse means your husband, wife or domestic partner under the law of your state of residence, who
lives with you at the address shown on the Declarations Page or Renewal Certificate of your policy.

P. Veterinarian means an individual who holds a valid license to practice veterinary medicine from the
appropriate licensing entity in the jurisdiction in which the individual practices.

Q. Veterinary expenses means the costs associated with medical advice, diagnosis, care or treatment
provided by a veterinarian, including, but not limited to, the cost of drugs prescribed by a
veterinarian.

R. Veterinary services means medical advice, diagnosis, care or treatment provided by a veterinarian
who has physically examined your pet, including, but not limited to, the administration of drugs,
nutritional supplements or prescription pet food.

S. Void means to declare that this policy is no longer in force or effect.

T. Waiting or affiliation period means the period of time specified in a pet insurance policy that is
required to transpire before some or all of the coverage in the policy can begin.

U. We, us or our means the company providing this insurance.

V. You or your means the pet owner listed on the Declarations Page or Renewal Certificate of this policy.


# 3. . POLICY TERM

☒
Your policy is effective during the dates and times shown on your Declarations Page or Renewal
Certificate. Your policy only applies to covered veterinary expenses that you incur during the policy term
due to your pet's condition that occurs while your policy is in effect.


# 4. BENEFIT PROVISIONS

A. We list your deductible and coinsurance percentage on your Declarations Page or Renewal Certificate.
Your deductible applies once in each policy term.

B. We will pay covered veterinary expenses that you incur during the policy term, subject to your
deductible, coinsurance percentage, and annual term limits. We will not pay any amount unless your
covered veterinary expenses exceed your deductible. After you meet your deductible, we will: (1)
apply your coinsurance percentage to the covered veterinary expenses that exceed your deductible;
and (2) pay the resulting amount up to the policy limits shown on your Declarations Page.

C. We list your annual term limit on your Declarations Page. Your annual term limit applies to each policy
term. We will not pay more than the annual term limit in each policy term.


# 5. ADDITIONAL COVERAGE

We will pay each of the Additional Coverage benefits listed below only once per policy term, up to the limits
of the Additional Coverage amounts listed within sections 5.A. through 5.D. The additional coverage
provided in this section does not increase the maximum amount payable in each policy term. Benefit
payments will be subject to your deductible, co-insurance percentage, and annual term limits as shown on
the Declarations Page of your policy.

<!-- PageFooter="VS-G-14 (01-23)" -->
<!-- PageNumber="Page 2 of 6" -->
<!-- PageBreak -->


# A. Boarding or Kennel Fees

We will pay for costs you incur during the policy term associated with boarding your pet at a
licensed kennel to look after your pet while you or a family member is hospitalized as a result of
sickness or disease. This coverage is limited to a maximum annual benefit of five hundred dol-
lars ($500). You must submit certification of hospitalization from the attending physician and/or
hospital that treated you or your family member; and submit the itemized receipt from the licensed
kennel including proof of payment.

We will not pay any benefits if you or your family member is admitted to a hospital for less than
forty-eight (48) hours.


# B. Advertising and Reward

We will pay for costs you incur for advertising or offering a reward if your pet is stolen or strays during
the policy term. This coverage is limited to a maximum annual benefit of five hundred dol-
lars ($500). You must send us a completed claim form along with all itemized receipts for costs
associated with advertising and reward.

We will not pay any benefits for any reward not supported by a signed receipt giving the full name,
phone number and address of the person who found your pet; any reward paid to any resident of your
household, a family member, a person employed by you, or known by you; and any reward resulting
from your neglect or deliberate concealment of your pet.

C. Loss Due to Theft or Straying

We will pay the price you paid for your pet, up to the maximum benefit of five hundred dol-
lars ($500), if your pet is stolen or goes missing during the policy term and is not found. If you did not
pay for your pet, or have no formal proof of how much you paid in the form of an original receipt, we
will pay you one hundred fifty dollars ($150). Your policy will be cancelled and we will refund any
unearned premium on a prorated basis. You must send us a completed claim form including the original
receipt for the price you paid for your pet if your pet has not been found within sixty (60) days.

We will not pay any benefits if you, or the person looking after your pet, freely parts with your pet.


# D. Mortality Benefit

We will pay covered veterinary expenses that you incur during the policy term for fees associated
with the death of your pet due to injury or illness. We will pay for: (1) a veterinarian to humanely
euthanize your pet; (2) cremation and burial expenses; and (3) the price you paid for your pet up to
the maximum benefit of $1,000. If you did not pay for your pet, or have no formal proof of how much
you paid in the form of an original receipt, we will pay you one hundred fifty dollars ($150). Your policy
will be cancelled and we will refund any unearned premium on a prorated basis. You must send us a
completed claim form including the original receipt for veterinary expenses; and the original receipt
for the price you paid for your pet.

We will not pay for the price you paid for your pet if your dog was eight years of age or older, or your
cat was ten (10) years of age or older at the time of death, and died or was euthanized due to an
illness; and your veterinarian is not able to verify the death of your pet or sign the claim form.


# 6. WHAT WE DO NOT COVER-EXCLUSIONS

We will not pay for:

A. Any veterinary services or veterinary expenses related to a pre-existing condition.

<!-- PageFooter="VS-G-14 (01-23)" -->
<!-- PageNumber="Page 3 of 6" -->
<!-- PageBreak -->

B. Diagnosis or treatment of any condition identified as an Additional Excluded Condition on the
Declarations Page or Renewal Certificate of your policy.

C. Diagnosis or treatment of any complication or progression of any condition or procedure excluded by
this policy.

D. Veterinary services or veterinary expenses related to any treatment that was performed prior to the
effective date of this policy.

E. Diagnosis or treatment of any condition caused intentionally by you or any other resident of your
household.

F. Any behavioral training, therapy or treatment that is: (1) not prescribed by a licensed veterinarian; or

(2) pet obedience training.

G. Tooth hygiene or appearance including, but not limited to, teeth cleaning and polishing.

H. Dietary or nutritional supplements used to preserve or improve general nutrition or health, even if
prescribed by a veterinarian.

I. Pet foods or commercial pet diets that are used to preserve or improve general nutrition or health and
can be purchased without a prescription, including foods such as: life stages (puppy, senior, etc.), low
calorie, sensitive stomach or limited ingredients, even if recommended by a veterinarian for treatment
of your pet's condition.

J. Boarding (except as described in section 5.A.), storage, transportation and grooming, including services
such as nail trims or bathing.

K. Routine or preventive treatments or procedures, including, but not limited to, vaccines, spay or neuter or
flea control.

L. Diagnostic tests for conditions or procedures excluded by this policy.

M. Fees or other expenses for pet services and supplies not prescribed by your veterinarian to diagnose
or treat your pet's condition.

N. Fees or other expenses not directly related to veterinary services, including fees or expenses incurred
for items such as: (1) waste disposal; (2) record access or copying; (3) any license or certification; (4)
compliance with any government rule or regulation; (5) any tax; or (6) any charge assessed by any bank,
credit card company or other financial institution.

O. Diagnosis or treatment that is experimental, investigational or otherwise not within the standard of care
accepted by the veterinary medical board of your state.

P. Diagnosis or treatment of any condition caused directly or indirectly by war, rebellion, insurrection, or
any release of nuclear radiation or radioactive contamination.


# 7. YOUR DUTIES

A. We ask you to provide us with prompt (i.e., within ninety (90) days of your pet's first treatment for any
condition) notice of a claim. Delayed submission of your claim may prevent us from fairly or accurately
adjusting your claim and may be grounds for denial.

B. You must submit complete and legible claim forms to us and include itemized receipts for veterinary
expenses that identify your pet by name.

C. You must provide us with all medical records or requested documentation from the attending
veterinarian relating to your pet's health upon our request. You agree to submit your pet to
examination by a veterinarian selected by us upon our request. You authorize us to obtain medical
records, at our option, directly from you or from all your pet's veterinarian(s).

<!-- PageFooter="VS-G-14 (01-23)" -->
<!-- PageNumber="Page 4 of 6" -->
<!-- PageBreak -->

D. You must reasonably protect your pet from aggravation of any condition.

E. Upon payment of benefits, we will be subrogated to your rights of recovery from any other party.

F. It is agreed that, unless otherwise notified by you, all documents and communications regarding this
policy, its endorsements, and any notices may be delivered to you by electronic mail using the e-mail
address associated with your account, except documents required to be delivered by another method.
It is further agreed that it is your responsibility to keep your contact details, including e-mail, telephone
and postal address, current and correct.


# 8. OTHER INSURANCE

A. If your pet is covered by more than one policy issued by us, we will not pay more than the highest
amount payable under any one policy.

B. This insurance is excess over any other insurance covering your pet that is provided by a policy issued
by any other insurance company, whether collectable or not.


# 9. TERMINATION OF INSURANCE

A. Your policy will lapse if you do not pay your premium when due.

B. We may cancel your policy by sending written notice to you at your most recent address in our
records. We will send you this notice ten (10) days before we cancel your policy, or at the time required
by the law of your state of residence. You may cancel your policy at any time by notifying us in writing. If
either you or we cancel your policy, we will refund any unearned premium on a prorated basis.


# 10. ASSIGNMENT OR TRANSFER OF POLICY

A. You may not transfer or assign this policy in whole or in part.

B. Your policy will transfer to your legal representative or surviving spouse upon your death.


# 11. CHANGES AND LIBERALIZATION

A. This policy contains all the agreements between you and us. Its terms cannot be changed except by
endorsement or rider issued by us.

B. You or your spouse may request changes to your policy. Any change we make due to a request by
you or your spouse is binding on all persons who have any interest under your policy.

C. If we revise this policy and broaden your coverage without charge, you will receive the broader
coverage as soon as we make the revision.

D. We may make changes to your policy. If we do, we will send you written notice thirty (30) days before
the end of the current policy term or at the time required by the law of your state of residence. You
accept these changes by renewing your policy.


# 12. REVIEW

You may request a review:

A. If we deny your claim in whole or in part. Claim review requests should be submitted within one
calendar year of claim adjudication.

B. To ask that we remove an Additional Excluded Condition listed on the Declarations Page or Renewal
Certificate of your policy.

You must submit your review request in writing indicating the reason for the review. You must provide us
with all medical records from your veterinarian. If your request for review involves an Additional Excluded
Condition, you must provide us with medical records or other documentation from your veterinarian

<!-- PageFooter="VS-G-14 (01-23)" -->
<!-- PageNumber="Page 5 of 6" -->
<!-- PageBreak -->

demonstrating the condition was cured at least six months before the date of your request. Chronic
conditions are not eligible for removal. We will perform a singular review when all medical records relating
to the condition(s) are provided to us and all review decisions are final unless new relevant medical
information is provided.


# 13. SUIT AGAINST US

You may not bring a legal action against us unless you have complied with all provisions of this policy.
You must begin any legal action against us within one year of your pet's first treatment for any condition
identified in your legal action.


# 14. DECLARATIONS

By accepting this policy, you agree that all the statements in your application and the declarations are true
and that you have provided us with all material information about your pet. You agree that this policy and
any endorsements or riders issued to you is the entire and only agreement between you and us.


# 15. FRAUD AND CONCEALMENT

We will void your policy from its inception if we discover that you have misrepresented or omitted any
material fact and we relied on your misrepresentation or omission in issuing this policy to you. We may
deny your claim and void your policy if you conceal material information or make any material
misrepresentation in your claim.


# 16. INSTALLMENT PAYMENT SERVICE CHARGE

If you elect to pay your premium in installments, other than payroll deductions, we will charge you the
installment fee listed on the Declarations Page or Renewal Certificate of your policy, per each installment
payment.

SAMT

<!-- PageFooter="VS-G-14 (01-23)" -->
<!-- PageNumber="Page 6 of 6" -->
