# asolved Benefit Services


## Dependent Care FSA FAQ'S

A Dependent Care FSA provides pre-tax reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses related to dependent care.
It's a great option for employees who have dependent
children under the age of 13 who attend day care, after-
school care or summer day camp, and/or provide care for
a person of any age who is claimed as a dependent on the
federal income tax return and who is mentally or physically
incapable of caring for himself or herself.


<figure>
</figure>


### Who is a qualified dependent under the Dependent Care FSA?

· Dependent under the age of 13

· Dependent or spouse of employee who is mentally or physically disabled and whom the employee claims as a
dependent on their federal income tax return


### Can an adult be a qualified dependent?

Yes, an adult may qualify as a dependent provided that the employee is providing more than half of that
individual's support for the year and the dependent lives with the employee.


### Do I have to use a day care facility?

No. You can be reimbursed for expenses of an individual providing care for your dependent in your home as long as the
expenses are incurred for you and your spouse (if married), to work, look for work or attend school full time.


### Does my day care provider have to be licensed?

No. However, you are required to submit their Tax Identification Number or Social Security Number when filing your
federal income tax return.


### My child attends camp during the summer. Is this eligible?

Generally, no. However, if the camp is a day camp and your dependent attends to allow you and your spouse (if married)
to work, look for work or attend school full time, then yes, this would be an eligible expense. Overnight camps are
specifically excluded.


### Does my day care provider have to be 18?

No, but the individual must claim the money as income on their tax return.

<!-- PageFooter="copyright 2020 · www.isolvedbenefitservices.com" -->


<figure>

·solved

</figure>


<!-- PageBreak -->


### When can I be reimbursed for dependent day care expenses?

Expenses are eligible for reimbursement when they have been incurred, not when you are billed or when you pay for
the services.

Example: Your day care provider requires you to pay for the month of September on September 1. You can be reimbursed
as the services are incurred, not when you paid for the services. You can submit claims after each week, every week
or on October 1.


### What support documentation must I file with each Dependent Care claim?

Complete the Dependent Care section of the Request for Reimbursement Form and have your day care provider sign
and date. The receipt must include the following information:

· Name and address of provider

· From/through dates of service

· Amount of charge


### Can I submit claims for dependent care expenses that are greater than the current balance of my Dependent Care FSA?

Yes. However, you will only receive reimbursement for the amount that you have contributed to your Dependent Care
FSA. For example, if you contribute $150 each month to your Dependent Care FSA, then you will only receive $150
in reimbursement each month. The excess amount of expenses will be pended and automatically paid to you as
contributions are posted to your account.


### What happens if a claim exceeds the amount currently available in my Dependent Care FSA?

The claim will be processed and approved. The amount that is currently available will be disbursed and the remaining
portion will be pended until you make another contribution.

<!-- PageFooter="Transforming employee experience for a better today and a better tomorrow. copyright 2020 · www.isolvedbenefitservices.com" -->


<figure>

solved

</figure>