<!-- PageHeader="Dental Insurance" -->

Guardian®


# Guardian Dental Maximum Rollover


## How preventive care pays off in the long run

Preventive care can help avoid costs of serious oral health issues later on. With Maximum Rollover from Guardian®,
members are rewarded for taking care of their oral health with funds they can roll over to use as needed in the future.

Preventive visits to the dentist may help minimize
major dental issues.


<figure>
</figure>


<figure>

5

</figure>


Submit claims for dental work throughout the year.

For members who submit at least one paid claim and do not exceed
their plan's threshold, a portion of any unused amount in the annual
dental maximum will be added to the Maximum Rollover Account.


<figure>
</figure>


These funds are available in the future to pay
for dental treatments.

Pro tip: If care is provided by dentists in the network, more money can be rolled over.


## Here's an example of a plan with a $1,000 annual maximum:


### Andy's Dental Insurance Plan


<figure>
</figure>


<table>
<tr>
<td>Plan Annual Maximum*</td>
<td>$1,000</td>
<td>Amount of Maximum Claims Reimbursement</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Threshold</td>
<td>$500</td>
<td>Claims amount that determines rollover eligibility</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Maximum Rollover Amount</td>
<td>$250</td>
<td>Additional dollars added to Plan Annual Maximum for future years</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>In-Network Only Rollover Amount **</td>
<td>$350</td>
<td>Additional dollars added to Plan Annual Maximum for future years, if only in-network providers were used during the benefit year</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Maximum Rollover Account Limit</td>
<td>$1,000</td>
<td>The maximum amount of rollover dollars that can be kept in the Maximum Rollover Account</td>
</tr>
</table>


\* The annual maximum is the amount that a dental insurance company will pay out toward claims in a calendar year.

<!-- PageNumber="1" -->
<!-- PageBreak -->


## Sample Plan


### Year One

Starting with a $1,000 Plan Annual Maximum, Andy:

· Submits $150 in dental claims

· Does not exceed $500 Threshold

· Receives $250 rollover for year two, adding up to a

· $1,250 annual plan max


### Year Two

Starting with an increased Plan Annual Maximum of
$1,250, Andy:

· Submits $200 in dental claims

· Receives additional $250 rollover for year three,
adding up to a $1,500 annual plan max


### Year Three

Starting with an increased Plan Annual Maximum of
$1,500, Andy:

· Submits $1,100 in dental claims

· Gets all claims paid for due to the Maximum Rollover
Amount accumulated


### Year Four

Andy's Plan Annual Maximum is $1,400 ($1,000 Plan
Annual Maximum + $400 remaining Maximum Rollover
Amount accumulated).

Claims

Rollover

Annual Max


<figure>

$0

Claim Threshold
$500

Plan Annual Max
$1,000

$150

+$250

$1,250
Increased Plan Max

$200

+$250

$250
(year one)

$1,500
Increased Plan Max

$1,100

$400
(year one + year two)

$100 (deducted from
Max Rollover Account)

$1,400
Increased Plan Max

$400
(year one + year two)
-$100

</figure>


## Cycle of Health


<figure>

Practice good
dental health

Visit the dentist for
regular checkups

5

Rollover unused
dental funds for
the future

</figure>


## Discover more about how preventive care can maximize your benefits on guardianlife.com.

The Guardian Life Insurance
Company of America
guardianlife.com

New York, NY

Source: "Guardian Dental Benefits: A Bridge to Oral Health and Wellness," 2017, Guardian's 5th
Annual Workplace Benefits Study. * If a plan has a different annual maximum for PPO benefits vs.
non-PPO benefits, ($1,500 PPO/$1,000 non-PPO for example) the non-PPO maximum determines
the Maximum Rollover plan. May not be available in all states. ** Available in select states and plans.
Guardian's Dental Insurance is underwritten and issued by The Guardian Life Insurance Company
of America, New York, NY. Products are not available in all states. Information provided in this
communication is for informational purposes only. For broker/agent use only. Not for use with the
general public. GUARDIAN® is a registered trademark of The Guardian Life Insurance Company of
America®. @ Copyright 2022 The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America.

<!-- PageFooter="2022-143989 (9/24)" -->
<!-- PageNumber="2" -->
