<figure>

®

®

</figure>


<figure>

BlueCross BlueShield
of Oklahoma

</figure>


# Group Benefit Program Summary for WTI Holdings, LLC DBA Waterfield Technologies Supplemental Term Life

The death of a family member can mean not only dealing with the loss of a loved one, but the loss of financial security as well. With Blue
Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma's Group Term Life plan, an employee can achieve peace of mind by giving their family the financial
security they can depend on.


<table>
<tr>
<th>Eligibility</th>
<th>All Active Full-Time Employees</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Group Term Life Benefit: Employee</td>
<td>$10,000 - $500,000 in increments of $10,000, not to exceed 5 times annual earnings.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Grandfathering</td>
<td>$500,000 provided minimum participation requirement is met</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Guarantee Issue Amount - Employee</td>
<td>$100,000 (subject to eligibility rules and enrollment status guidelines)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Group Term Life Benefit: Spouse (Includes Domestic Partners)</td>
<td>$5,000 - $100,000 in increments of $5,000, not to exceed 50% of the employee benefit amount</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Guarantee Issue Amount - Spouse</td>
<td>$25,000</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Group Term Life Benefit: Child(ren)</td>
<td>Birth to 14 days: $0 Age 15 days to 6 months: $1,000 Age 6 months to 26 years (30 if full-time student): $1,000 - $10,000 in increments of $1,000</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Group Term Life Age Reduction Schedule</td>
<td>No Reduction</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Premium Waiver Type</td>
<td>Same as Basic Life</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Accelerated Death Benefit (ADB)</td>
<td>Same as Basic Life</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Portability Feature (Life Coverage)</td>
<td>Included (employee &amp; spouse)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Conversion</td>
<td>Included</td>
</tr>
</table>


This piece is for illustrative purposes only. The disability and life insurance policies referenced may not be available in all states. All policies are subject
to issue limitations, exclusions and other coverage conditions, which may include a waiting period for pre-existing conditions. Only the policy can provide
the actual terms of coverage.

Insurance products issued by Dearborn Life Insurance Company, 701 E. 22nd St. Suite 300, Lombard, IL 60148. Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma,
is the trade name of Dearborn Life Insurance Company, an independent Blue Cross and Blue Shield licensee. BLUE CROSS®, BLUE SHIELD® and the
Cross and Shield Symbols are registered service marks of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association, an association of independent Blue Cross and
Blue Shield Plans.

<!-- PageFooter="Quote ID: 194175" -->
<!-- PageFooter="Generation Date: 10/03/2024" -->
<!-- PageBreak -->


<figure>

®

®

</figure>


BlueCross BlueShield
of Oklahoma


## Supplemental Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D)

Group AD&D is an additional death benefit that pays in the event a covered employee dies or is dismembered in a covered accident.
AD&D benefit is a 24-hour coverage.


<table>
<tr>
<td>Group AD&amp;D Benefit: Employee</td>
<td>Same as Supplemental Life</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Group AD&amp;D Benefit: Spouse (Includes Domestic Partners)</td>
<td>Same as Supplemental Dependent Life</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Group AD&amp;D Benefit: Child(ren)</td>
<td>Same as Supplemental Dependent Life</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>AD&amp;D Age Reduction Schedule</td>
<td>Same as Supplemental Life</td>
</tr>
</table>


<table>
<tr>
<th>AD&amp;D Schedule of Loss*</th>
<th>Principal Sum</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Loss of Life</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Loss of both hands or both feet</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Loss of one hand and one foot</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Loss of speech and hearing</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Loss of sight of both eyes</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Loss of one hand and sight of one eye</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Loss of one foot and sight of one eye</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Quadriplegia</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Paraplegia</td>
<td>75%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Hemiplegia</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Loss of sight of one eye</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Loss of one hand or one foot</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Loss of speech or hearing</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Loss of thumb and index finger of the same hand</td>
<td>25%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Uniplegia</td>
<td>25%</td>
</tr>
</table>

*Loss must occur within 365 days of accident.


This piece is for illustrative purposes only. The disability and life insurance policies referenced may not be available in all states. All policies are subject
to issue limitations, exclusions and other coverage conditions, which may include a waiting period for pre-existing conditions. Only the policy can provide
the actual terms of coverage.

<!-- PageFooter="Quote ID: 194175" -->
<!-- PageFooter="Generation Date: 10/03/2024" -->
