Teladoc®
®
HEALTH

Made available by:

WTI Holdings LLC dba Waterfield Technologies


<figure>
</figure>


# How to set up your Teladoc Health account

Simply download the Teladoc Health app and
follow the four steps you see below.


<figure>

3:32

\-

Let's start by finding
your benefits

"Required

First name *

Last name *

Date of birth "
MM/DD/YYYY

Country *

United States Of America

Zip code *

Email address *

</figure>


## 1. Confirm benefits

Provide some information
about yourself to confirm
your eligibility.


<figure>

3:34

We need a little
more info

"Required

Please select your health or insurance
provider below. We use this information to
help match you to your benefits, even if
your benefits are provided by your employer
or association.

Health or insurance plan *
Aetna

Continue

My provider is not on the list

</figure>


## 2. Select benefit provider

Confirm the coverage that has
been matched to you. Please
note your care option through
your employer group will pop
up here if a match is found.
Click "Continue" to proceed
with account set up.


<figure>

3:38

Nearly done ... please
provide your address
and phone

"Required

Street address 1 *

Street address 2 (optional)

City*

Country *

United States Of America

State *

Zip code *

</figure>


3\. Create account

Provide your contact
information.


<figure>

4:41

<

Perfect! Let's tie up
the details

"Required

Username *

Password"

· use 10 - 20 characters
include at least one number and one
letter

Confirm Password *

Each security question cannot be selected
more than once. Answers must be at least 2
characters with no special symbols.
Security question 1"

</figure>


4\. Complete account

Create a username, password
and pick security questions to
ensure your account is secure.

Once your account is created, eligible dependents under 18 years of age can be added in your account settings under
the primary member. Dependents older than 18 should follow the steps above to create their own account.

Set up your Teladoc Health account today
Visit TeladocHealth.com
Call 1-800-835-2362 | Download the app « | +

<!-- PageFooter="If your device settings for your mobile phone are set to Spanish, the Teladoc Health app will display in Spanish. @ Teladoc Health, Inc. All rights reserved. Teladoc Health marks and logos are owned by Teladoc Health, Inc. All programs and services are subject to applicable terms and conditions." -->
<!-- PageFooter="496673" -->
<!-- PageFooter="TM-GM-10E-A24-02_3750057_E_030123_PC" -->
