Teladoc®
®
HEALTH

<!-- PageHeader="Made available by: WTI Holdings LLC dba Waterfield Technologies" -->


# General Medical: What to know about this benefit


<figure>

9:41

.

Teladoc.
HEALTH

Care options

O

24/7 Care

As soon as today

☐
Video

Phone

Request a visit

Get started

=

Fill out medical history
5 min

\>

</figure>


Did you know 60% of patients have to wait 2 weeks to see
their primary physician and only 10% are able to get in to
see their regular doctor the same day they need care?1

Our Teladoc Health benefit gives you access to
compassionate care from U.S. board certified clinicians,
anytime, anywhere. Providers are available in all 50 states
and you can meet with them 24/7 by phone or video.

The average Emergency Room care costs 10 times more
than an urgent care visit for the same diagnosis.2

Teladoc Health can help you skip the trip to the ER or urgent
care for non-emergency problems, avoid long wait times and
save money since you can see a clinician within minutes by
phone or video. Teladoc Health is here to listen, answer your
questions and help you feel better faster.

· What services does Teladoc Health provide? Teladoc Health provides healthcare for the whole you
and can help you with everyday, non-emergency health needs like prescription refills, coughs, colds,
UTIs, sinus, allergies and much more. Teladoc Health helps you get healthy and live healthy.

. How much does Teladoc Health cost? Your out of pocket cost varies based on your plan. If you do
have to pay, you will see your cost before you finish requesting your visit. You can pay with a credit card,
prepaid debit card, HSA (health savings account), or by PayPal.

· How do I sign up? To sign up for Teladoc Health, scan the QR code below to download the app, call
1-800-835-2362, or visit the website. Visits can be by phone or video and there is no time limit on how
long the visit is.

. How does it work if I am traveling and not in the state I live in when I need help? Teladoc Health is
available in all 50 U.S. states, so the service can be used even if you are traveling. Some restrictions may
apply.

· Can Teladoc Health providers prescribe medicine? Yes they can when it makes sense medically. But,
Teladoc Health providers do not prescribe controlled substances, drugs like Viagra and Cialis, and/or
other drugs that have a higher risk of abuse. If a prescription is not needed, the Teladoc Health provider
may give you instructions for managing symptoms.

Call 1-800-835-2362
Visit TeladocHealth.com | Download the app

<!-- PageFooter="1 https://plus.credit-suisse.com/rpc4/ravDocView?docid=V7r1Oh2AN-ZqC1 2 https://www.ucaoa.org/LinkClick.aspx?fileticket=Q4TP7cypW94%3D&portalid=80 @ Teladoc Health, Inc. All rights reserved." -->
