# Confused about Medicare? We'll guide you through it


<figure>
</figure>


Get one-on-one support and guidance to help you understand your Medicare options. Our advocates can help
you choose the plan that is right for you, your budget and your health situation.


## Our experts will:

Review Medicare parts, what each covers, and
what they cost

ER
Inform you about enrollment deadlines and when
to sign up to avoid paying late enrollment penalties

2
Explain how Medicare works with your employer's/
spouse's plan; do a side-by-side comparison

Let you know if your doctors participate in
the Medicare plan, and if your medications are
in the plan's formulary

Find Medicare-participating physicians,
schedule appointments

Help with the application process

Answer any questions you may have


## In Call us if you are ...

路 Nearing age 65 and becoming eligible
for Medicare. To make sure you get
Medicare coverage when you turn 65,
sign up during the 3 months before
you turn 65.

路 On an employer's or spouse's health
plan and are retiring and want to
transition to Medicare

路 Age 65 or over, still working and
confused about the Medicare mail
you're receiving

路 Currently on a Medicare plan and are
considering choosing a new Medicare
plan during the annual enrollment period

Health Advocate is available to employees, spouses, dependents, parents and parents-in-law. It's completely confidential.

866.799.2731

answers@HealthAdvocate.com
HealthAdvocate.com/members

Call . Email . Message . Live Chat

=

We're not an insurance company. Health Advocate is not a direct healthcare provider, and is not affiliated
with any insurance company or third party provider. @2024 Health Advocate HA-M-2401148-2FLY


<figure>

HealthAdvocate"

</figure>