# LGBTQIA+ inclusive health advocacy services


<figure>
</figure>


<figure>
</figure>


As an LGBTQIA+ individual, you
deserve respectful, personalized care.
From finding providers to understanding
benefits, we're here to guide you with
compassion and confidentiality.


## Not sure where to start? That's okay.

· Get answers to your health questions,
no matter how big or small

· Explore care options that fit your life,
your goals, and your needs

· Find the right support and resources
for your health and well-being


<figure>
</figure>


## We offer expert help for LGBTQIA+ inclusive health and benefits navigation. We can help you:

· Find LGBTQIA+ affirming doctors and therapists
who understand your values and needs

· Coordinate care across doctors, specialists, and insurance providers

· Guide you on preventive care like screenings, vaccinations,
and wellness visits

· Understand your insurance, from what's covered
to handling billing issues or denied claims

· Get support for your sexual health, including STI testing,
prevention, treatment, and understanding your options

· Walk you through options for gender-affirming care
like hormone therapy or surgery

· Connect you with Centers of Excellence for advanced
or specialized care

· Access HIV-related services including testing,
prevention (like PrEP), and treatment

· Find LGBTQIA+ friendly support, including community programs
and eldercare resources


<figure>
</figure>


We'll listen, answer your questions, and help you figure out
the next steps for your care. Call us or visit us online to get started.

866-799-2731

answers@HealthAdvocate.com

www.HealthAdvocate.com/waterfieldtech

Registration code: SNASDX8

Call . Email . Message . Live Chat
5

We're not an insurance company. Health Advocate is not a direct healthcare provider, and is not affiliated
with any insurance company or third party provider. @2025 Health Advocate HA-M-2401159-04FLY


<figure>

HealthAdvocate"

</figure>