<figure>

MetLife

</figure>


<!-- PageHeader="Identity & Fraud Protection" -->
<!-- PageHeader="Frequently Asked Questions" -->
<!-- PageHeader="Powered by ĀURA" -->


<figure>

V

1

1

</figure>


Make the internet a safer
place for you and your family.

All-in-one security solution that helps
protect the things you care about most.


<figure>

Fraud
Protection

Digital
Security

Identity Theft
Protection

</figure>


# What is Identity & Fraud Protection?

MetLife Identity & Fraud Protection powered by Aura helps safeguard the things that
matter to you most: your identity, money and assets, family, reputation, and privacy.

Q. Why is having Identity & Fraud
Protection so important?

A. Everything you do is online,
which makes your personal info
more vulnerable. Get peace of
mind knowing that you've taken a
big step in protecting yourself
from online threats, identity theft,
and fraud.

Q. What are some of the
advantages of this protection?

A. Aura offers robust protection
by monitoring your personal
info, credit, finances, and devices
and alerting you of suspicious
activity. It even takes
proactive measures to help stop
fraud before it happens. If you
are a victim of fraud, an
experienced Resolution Specialist
will help you navigate credit
bureaus, help initiate credit
freezes or lock, and work with you
to resolve your fraud incident.


## Q. How are my finances protected?

A. Aura monitors your credit, financial
accounts, home & auto titles and
more. You'll get alerted to credit
inquiries, like if someone tries to
open a new credit card or bank
account in your name.

Q. What kind of online & device
security tools are available?

A.
Every plan comes with intelligent
safety tools including, VPN/Wi-Fi
security, antivirus, password
manager, and more to protect
your online privacy and data.


## Q. How is my identity protected?

A.
Through extensive monitoring
of your Social Security Number,
driver's license, passport, ID,
and more. Plus, Aura requests
the removal of your data from
broker lists to help reduce spam
like robocalls and robotexts.

All-in-one digital
security in an app
that's SIMPLE to use
so it's EASY to stay
safe online.

· Keep your registered
accounts and identity
safe

· Protect your finances
and credit

· Protect your Wi-Fi
network and devices

<!-- PageBreak -->

.


# Identity & Fraud Protection

You do everything online. We help you do it safely.

Q. What happens if one of my
password is compromise?

A. Aura will let you know if your
credentials have been found on the
Dark Web. The password manager
lets you change passwords with one
click for select sites.

Q. What is credit monitoring?

A. Credit monitoring helps detect
possible financial and identity fraud
by monitoring changes to your credit
report. This helps you stay on top of
your credit and protect your credit
score by receiving alerts if
suspicious activity is detected.

Q. Who can I protect with a
Family plan?

A: Account owners can add up to 10
adults to their plan, regardless of
age or address. Adult members will
have their own account and enjoy
the same benefits and their info is
kept private from other adults on the
plan.

Account owners may also add
unlimited minors (under 18) to their
plan, if they have parental
guardianship rights over the minor.
The minor's alerts will be available
for only the account owner to
review.

Q. What else do I get?

A. Every digital security plan comes
with $5 million identity theft
insurance1 and 24/7 U.S .- based
customer support.

Q. What is a VPN?

A. VPN (virtual private network)
protects your privacy online. It hides
your IP address so you can
browse the internet with confidence.
Turn on the VPN when you're
connected to public Wi-Fi networks,
like hotel or coffee shop Wi-Fi, in
order to keep your online activities
private and secure.


# Have other questions ?

Please call Aura
directly at
[1 844 931-2872]
to answer account,
technical, or billing
questions.

1\. As a component of becoming an Aura Plan member, Consumers receive identity theft insurance through a group policy issued to
Aura which is underwritten and administered by American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida, an Assurant company, which is
not an affiliate or subsidiary of MetLife. Checking & Savings Cash Recovery and 401(K) & HSA Cash Recovery are part of and not in
addition to the Expense Reimbursement limit of liability. The description herein is a summary and intended for informational purposes
only and does not include all terms, conditions and exclusions of the policies described. Please refer to the actual policies for terms,
conditions, and exclusions of coverage. Coverage may not be available in all jurisdictions.

No one can prevent all identity theft or monitor all transactions effectively.

Aura is a product of Aura Sub, LLC. Aura Sub, LLC. is not affiliated with MetLife, and the services and benefits they provide are
separate and apart from any MetLife product.


<figure>

MetLife

</figure>


<!-- PageFooter="MetLife Consumer Services, Inc. | 200 Park Avenue | New York, NY 10166 1705 857011S L0223029620[exp0225][All States][DC,GU,MP,PR,VI] @2023 MetLife Services and Solutions, LLC" -->
