<figure>

BlueCross BlueShield of Oklahoma

®

4

</figure>


<!-- PageHeader="Travel Resource Services" -->


# Travel Resource Services™

Your Ticket to Safe and
Worry-Free Travel

Our Travel Resource Services
provider, Assist America, offers
around-the-clock emergency and
information services that can help
you access emergency assistance
when you are traveling 100 or
more miles away from home.


## Medical Emergency Assistance

· Medical referral

· Medical monitoring

· Emergency medical evacuation

· Foreign hospital admission
assistance

· Medical repatriation

· Prescription assistance


## Travel Emergency Assistance

· Compassionate visit

· Care of minor children

· Evacuation transport for
family members

· Return of mortal remains

· Other services include:

· Return of vehicle

· Legal & interpreter referrals

· Pre-trip information


<figure>

a Assist America

assist america

Amnist America in the premier provider of
probel emergency services through group

TAP FOR HELP

</figure>


## Download the Mobile App!

Access a wide range of global emergency assistance services from
your phone by downloading the FREE Assist America Mobile App.
Enter your Assist America Reference Number to set up the App:
01-AA-TRS-12201


### Tap for Help

One-touch call to Assist America's 24/7
Operations Center


### Voice Over Internet Protocols (VoIP)

Avoid international phone charges
by calling Assist America using a Wi-Fi
connection


### Pre-Trip Information

Access detailed country-specific
information to prepare your trip


### Embassy & U.S. Pharmacy Locator

Locate the nearest embassy/consulate of
23 countries and pharmacies near you
(U.S. pharmacies only)


### Travel Alerts

Receive alerts on urgent global situations
that may impact travel


### Travel Status Indicator

A GPS feature letting you know when you
are eligible for services


### Mobile ID Card

Your Assist America ID card is
conveniently stored within the app


### Available in 7 languages

The app is available in English, Spanish,
Arabic, Mandarin, Thai, Bahasa, and
French


## How to Activate Services

If you are traveling more than
100 miles away from home, or
in a foreign country, and require
assistance, contact Assist America's
24/7 Operations Center:

Your Assist America Reference
Number is: 01-AA-TRS-12201

\-

TAP FOR HELP

.

On the Mobile App


<figure>
</figure>


800-872-1414
(Toll Free within the U.S.)
+1-609-986-1234
(outside the U.S.)


<figure>
</figure>


medservices@
assistamerica.com

<!-- PageFooter="Insurance products issued by Dearborn Life Insurance Company, 701 E. 22nd St. Suite 300, Lombard, IL 60148." -->
<!-- PageBreak -->


## Medical Emergency Assistance


### Medical Referral:

Assist America's 24/7 Operations
Center is staffed by trained,
multilingual assistance personnel
who can make immediate
recommendations for any emergency
situation.


### Medical Monitoring:

Assist America maintains regular
communication with members, their
families and attending medical staff,
closely monitoring the quality and
course of treatment.


### Emergency Medical Evacuation:

If a member becomes ill or injured
where an adequate medical facility
is not available, Assist America will
arrange to transport the member
under medical supervision, if required,
to the nearest medical facility capable
of providing the required care.


### Foreign Hospital Admission Assistance:

Assist America fosters prompt hospital
admission by validating the member's
health insurance or advancing funds
as needed to the hospital.


### Medical Repatriation:

When the member has been
stabilized to the satisfaction of Assist
America's consulting physicians
and the attending physician, and is
medically cleared for travel, we will
arrange and pay for transportation
via commercial carrier back home or
to a rehabilitation facility with medical
supervision, if required.


### Prescription Assistance:

When a prescription is lost or left
behind, Assist America works with
the prescribing physician and a local
pharmacy to replace the member's
medicine.


## Travel Emergency Assistance


### Compassionate Visit:

Assist America will arrange and pay for
a family member or a friend to join a
member who is traveling alone and is
expected to be hospitalized for more
than seven days.


#### Care of Minor Children:

If an injured member has minor
children left unattended, Assist
America will pay for them to return
home to a family member or will
arrange childcare locally or at home.


### Evacuation Transport for Family Members:

If a member is evacuated, Assist
America will arrange and pay for
either the return of the immediate
family members (spouse, children,

parents) home or the transportation
to the location where the member is
evacuated.


### Return of Mortal Remains:

In the event that a member passes
away, Assist America will arrange
and pay for the required documents,
preparation of the remains and
transport to a funeral home near the
member's place of residence.


### Other services include:

· Return of vehicle

· Legal & interpreter referrals

· Emergency cash & bail bond
coordination

· Pre-trip information

For employee use. Travel Resource Services is administered by Assist America, Inc. Assist America is an independent organization that does
not provide Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma or Dearborn Life Insurance Company products or services. Assist America is solely
responsible for the products and services associated with Travel Resource Services. Usage of the Assist America mobile app may be subject
to additional terms and conditions.

Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma is the trade name of Dearborn Life Insurance Company, an independent licensee of the Blue
Cross and Blue Shield Association. BLUE CROSS®, BLUE SHIELD® and the Cross and Shield Symbols are registered service marks of the
Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association, an association of independent Blue Cross and Blue Shield Plans.


## Conditions and Exclusions

All travel transportation services must be arranged by Assist
America. Claims for reimbursement will not be accepted under
the Assist America Global Emergency Assistance program.
Assist America is not medical insurance. Medical bills are
the responsibility of the member or the health insurance as
applicable.

Upon verification of your eligibility, Assist America will arrange
and pay for the following services:

· Emergency Medical Evacuation and Medical Repatriation:
$150,000 Combined Single Limit

· Repatriation of Mortal Remains: Up to $15,000

· Care of Minor Children: Up to $5,000

· Return of Vehicle: Up to $2,500

· Compassionate Visit: Up to $5,000

Assist America will not provide services in the following instances:

· Suicide or attempted suicide; intentionally self-inflicted injuries;

· The transfer from one medical facility to another of similar
capabilities which provides the same level of care.

· Occurrence of mild lesions, simple injuries such as sprains,
simple fractures or mild sickness which can be treated by
local doctors that do not prevent the continuation of travel.

· Participation in any war, invasion, acts of foreign enemies,
hostilities between nations (whether declared or not) or
civil war, rebellion, revolution, and insurrection, military or
usurped power;

· Participation in any military maneuver or training exercise;

· Traveling against the advice of a physician;

· Traveling for the purpose of obtaining medical treatment;

· Traveling in any country in which the U.S. State Department
issued travel restrictions prior to such travel.

· Piloting or learning to pilot or acting as a member of the
crew of any aircraft;

· Mental or emotional disorders, unless hospitalized;

· Being under the influence of drugs or intoxicants unless
prescribed by a physician;

· Commission or the attempt to commit a criminal act;

· Participation as a professional in athletics or underwater activities;

· Participating in bodily contact sports; skydiving; hang gliding;
parachuting; mountaineering; any race; bungee cord
jumping; speed contests; spelunking or caving, heli-skiing,
extreme skiing;

· Dental treatment except as a result of accidental injury to
sound, natural teeth;

· Any non-emergency treatment or surgery, routine physical
examinations, hearing aids, eyeglasses or contact lenses;

· Pregnancy and childbirth (except for complications of
pregnancy prior to the 28th week of the pregnancy).

· Curtailment or delayed return for other than covered reasons;

· Services not shown as covered; trips exceeding 90 days in
length from primary legal residence ..

The services described above currently are available in every
country of the world. Due to political and other situations in
certain areas of the world, Assist America may not be able to
respond in the usual manner. Assist America also reserves the
right to suspend, curtail or limit its services in any area in the
event of rebellion, riot, military uprising, war, terrorism, labor
disturbance, strikes, nuclear accidents, Acts of God or refusal
of authorities to permit Assist America to fully provide services.

Assist America is not responsible and cannot be held liable
for any malpractice performed by a local physician or attorney
who is not an employee of Assist America; or for any loss or
damage to your vehicle during the return of vehicle; or for any
loss or damage to any personal belongings.

<!-- PageFooter="608772.0221" -->
