<figure>

速

速

</figure>


<figure>

BlueCross BlueShield
of Oklahoma

</figure>


# Group Benefit Program Summary for WTI Holdings, LLC DBA Waterfield Technologies Group Short-term Disability Insurance (STD)

Today, most Americans would not be able to make payments on their homes or keep their family financially stable without their current
salary. STD reduces the burden during these unstable times. It is a convenient, economical way of securing an income while out of work
from an unexpected injury or illness. Group STD is a guaranteed issue coverage, which requires no health questionnaires to complete.


<table>
<tr>
<th>Eligibility</th>
<th>All Active Full-Time Employees</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Group STD Benefit</td>
<td>60% of basic weekly earnings</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Weekly Maximum Benefit</td>
<td>$1,500</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Benefits Are Payable On</td>
<td>8th day for Injury 8th day for Sickness</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Maximum Benefit Period</td>
<td>12 Weeks or until LTD begins, whichever is earlier</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Total Disability</td>
<td>Total Disability means that due to Injury or Sickness the employee is unable to perform all of the material and substantial duties of the employee's regular occupation, and the employee's disability earnings, if any, are less than the percentage (20%) of the employee's pre-disability weekly earnings.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Partial Disability</td>
<td>Partial Disability means that during the elimination period the employee is able to perform some, but not all, of the material and substantial duties of the employee's regular occupation. After the elimination period, partial disability means that due to Injury or Sickness the employee is able to perform some but not all of the material and substantial duties of the employee's regular occupation, and the employee's disability earnings, if any are at least the minimum percentage (20%), but less than the maximum percentage of the employee's pre-disability weekly earnings (80%).</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Pre-Existing Condition Limitation</td>
<td>None</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Additional Features</td>
<td>Survivor Benefit, Work Incentive Benefit, Worksite Modification Benefit, FMLA Coverage Extension, Recurrent Disability</td>
</tr>
</table>


This piece is for illustrative purposes only. The disability and life insurance policies referenced may not be available in all states. All policies are subject
to issue limitations, exclusions and other coverage conditions, which may include a waiting period for pre-existing conditions. Only the policy can provide
the actual terms of coverage.

Insurance products issued by Dearborn Life Insurance Company, 701 E. 22nd St. Suite 300, Lombard, IL 60148. Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma,
is the trade name of Dearborn Life Insurance Company, an independent Blue Cross and Blue Shield licensee. BLUE CROSS速, BLUE SHIELD速 and the
Cross and Shield Symbols are registered service marks of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association, an association of independent Blue Cross and
Blue Shield Plans.

<!-- PageFooter="Quote ID: 194175" -->
<!-- PageFooter="Generation Date: 10/03/2024" -->
