<figure>

®

®

</figure>


<figure>

BlueCross BlueShield
of Oklahoma

</figure>


# Group Benefit Program Summary for WTI Holdings, LLC DBA Waterfield Technologies Group Long-term Disability Insurance (LTD)

Without a steady income, most people would not be able to make payments on their homes or keep their family financially stable. LTD
reduces the burden during these unstable times. It is a convenient, economical way of securing an income while out of work from an
unexpected injury or illness. Your employer has made LTD coverage available for you to enroll in. Below are some of the major features
of this program.


<table>
<tr>
<th>Eligibility</th>
<th>All Active Full-Time Employees</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Group LTD Benefit Percentage</td>
<td>60%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Maximum Monthly Benefit</td>
<td>$10,000</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Minimum Monthly Benefit</td>
<td>$100</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Elimination Period</td>
<td>90 days</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Maximum Period Payable</td>
<td>Social Security Normal Retirement Age (SSNRA)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Social Security Offset Method</td>
<td>Primary and Family Integration</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Mental Disorder Limitation</td>
<td>24 Months</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Substance Abuse Limitation</td>
<td>24 Months</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Special Conditions Limitation</td>
<td>24 Months</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Pre-Existing Condition Limitation</td>
<td>3/12 - A Pre-Existing Condition is a Sickness or Injury for which you have received treatment within 3 months prior to your effective date. Any disability contributed to or caused by a Pre-Existing Condition within the first 12 months of your effective date will not be covered.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Rehabilitation Incentive Income (RII)</td>
<td>RII is offered to employees who agree to take part in a rehabilitation plan, structured to return them to gainful employment in another occupation because they can not return to their regular occupation. During the first 24 months, RII is equal to the monthly benefit. If disability earnings during this period exceed 100% of indexed pre-disability earnings, the monthly benefit is reduced by the excess. After 24 months, RII is equal to the monthly benefit reduced by multiplying the monthly benefit by 50% of Disability Earnings. Includes Family Care Expense Benefit and Relocation Expense Benefit.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Disability Resource Service</td>
<td>In addition to the resource services available on-line at GuidanceResources.com, Disability Resource Services provides a 24-hour telephonic support for all LTD insureds for behavioral health issues. A staff of master's degree clinicians are available to provide each caller with assessment, counseling and referral advice for face-to-face counseling. Face-to-face counseling - Up to three face-to-face counseling sessions per year to address appropriate behavioral health issues.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Additional Features</td>
<td>Work Incentive Benefit, Survivor Benefit</td>
</tr>
</table>


This piece is for illustrative purposes only. The disability and life insurance policies referenced may not be available in all states. All policies are subject
to issue limitations, exclusions and other coverage conditions, which may include a waiting period for pre-existing conditions. Only the policy can provide
the actual terms of coverage.

Insurance products issued by Dearborn Life Insurance Company, 701 E. 22nd St. Suite 300, Lombard, IL 60148. Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma,
is the trade name of Dearborn Life Insurance Company, an independent Blue Cross and Blue Shield licensee. BLUE CROSS®, BLUE SHIELD® and the
Cross and Shield Symbols are registered service marks of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association, an association of independent Blue Cross and
Blue Shield Plans.

<!-- PageFooter="Quote ID: 194175" -->
<!-- PageFooter="Generation Date: 10/03/2024" -->
<!-- PageBreak -->


<figure>

®

®

</figure>


BlueCross BlueShield
of Oklahoma

LTD Definition of Disability:


<table>
<tr>
<td>Total Disability</td>
<td>Total Disability means that during the first 24 consecutive months of benefits due to Injury or Sickness the employee is unable to perform all of the duties of their regular occupation, and the employee's disability earnings, if any, are less than 20% of their pre-disability weekly earnings. After the first 24 consecutive months of benefits, Total Disability means due to Injury or Sickness the employee is unable to perform all of the duties of any gainful occupation, and the employee's disability earnings, if any, are less than 20% of their pre-disability earnings.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Partial Disability</td>
<td>Partial Disability means that during the first 24 consecutive months of benefits due to Injury or Sickness the employee is able to perform some but not all of the duties of the employee's regular occupation, and the employee's disability earnings, if any, are at least 20%, but less than 80% of their pre-disability earnings. After the first 24 consecutive months of benefits, partial disability means the employee is continuously unable to engage in any gainful occupation, and the employees's disability earnings, if any, are at least 20%, but less than 60% of their pre-disability earnings.</td>
</tr>
</table>


<!-- PageFooter="Quote ID: 194175" -->
<!-- PageFooter="Generation Date: 10/03/2024" -->
