<figure>

BlueCross BlueShield of Oklahoma

®

®

</figure>


Blue365
0
Because health is a big deal®


<figure>

Blue365
A Discount Program for You

</figure>


Blue365 is just one more advantage you have by being a Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma (BCBSOK)
member. With this program, you may save money on health and wellness products and services from top retailers
that are not covered by insurance. There are no claims to file and no referrals or preauthorizations.

Once you sign up for Blue365 at blue365deals.com/bcbsok, weekly "Featured Deals" will be emailed to you.
These deals offer special savings for a short period of time.


# Below are some of the ongoing deals offered through Blue365.


## EyeMed® | Davis Vision®

You can save on eye exams, eyeglasses, contact lenses
and accessories. You have access to national and regional
retail stores and local eye doctors. You may also get
possible savings on laser vision correction.


### TruHearing® | Beltone™ | Start Hearing

You could get savings on hearing tests, evaluations and
hearing aids. Discounts may also be available for your
immediate family members.


## Dental SolutionsSM

You could get dental savings with Dental Solutions. You
may receive a dental discount card that provides access
to discounts of up to 50% at more than 70,000 dentists
and more than 254,000 locations .*


## Sun Basket | Nutrisystem®

Help reach your weight loss goals with savings from
leading programs. You may save on healthy meals,
membership fees (where applicable), nutritional products
and services.

See all the Blue365 deals and learn more at blue365deals.com/bcbsok.

<!-- PageFooter="Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma, a Division of Health Care Service Corporation, a Mutual Legal Reserve Company, an Independent Licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association" -->
<!-- PageBreak -->


# Fitbit®

You can customize your workout routine with Fitbit's
family of trackers and smartwatches that can be
employed seamlessly with your lifestyle, your budget
and your goals. You'll get a 20% discount on Fitbit
devices plus free shipping.


# Reebok | SKECHERS®

Reebok, a trusted brand for more than 100 years, makes
top athletic equipment for all people, from professional
athletes to kids playing soccer. Get 20% off select models.
SKECHERS, an award-winning leader in the footwear
industry, offers exclusive pricing on select men's and
women's styles. You can get 30% off plus free shipping
for your online orders.


# InVite® Health

InVite Health offers quality vitamins and supplements,
educational resources and a team of health care
experts for guidance to select the correct product
at the best value. Get 50% off the retail price of
non-genetically modified microorganism (non-GMO)
vitamins and supplements.


# Livekick

Livekick is the future of private fitness. Choose from
training or yoga over live video with a private coach.
Get fit and feel healthier with action-packed 30-minute
sessions that you can do from home, your gym or your
hotel while traveling. Get a free two-week trial and 30%
off a monthly plan on any Live Online Personal Training.


# eMindful

Get up to a 50% discount on any of eMindful's live
streaming or recorded premium courses. Apply
mindfulness to your life including stress reduction,
mindful eating, chronic pain management, yoga,
Qigong movements and more.

For more great deals or to
learn more about Blue365,
visit blue365deals.com/bcbsok.

The relationship between these vendors and Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma (BCBSOK) is that of independent contractors. BCBSOK makes no endorsement, representations or
warranties regarding any products or services offered by the above-mentioned vendors.

\* Dental Solutions requires a $9.95 signup and $6 monthly fee.

Blue365 is a discount program only for BCBSOK members. This is NOT insurance. Some of the services offered through this program may be covered under your health plan. You should check
your benefit booklet or call the customer service number on the back of your ID card for specific benefit facts. Use of Blue365 does not change monthly payments, nor do costs of the services
or products count toward any maximums and/or plan deductibles. Discounts are given only through vendors that take part in this program and may be subject to change. BCBSOK does not
guarantee or make any claims or recommendations about the program's services or products. Members should consult their doctor before using these services and products. BCBSOK reserves
the right to stop or change this program at any time without notice.

<!-- PageFooter="604930.0323" -->
