# asolved Benefit Services


## Flexible Spending Accounts. Real Savings. Real Simple.

Using a Flexible Spending Account (FSA) is a great way to stretch your
benefit dollars. You use pre-tax dollars in your FSA to reimburse yourself for
eligible out-of-pocket medical and dependent care expenses. That means you
can enjoy tax savings with the convenience of a prepaid benefits card. And
that makes real sense.


<figure>
</figure>


### What is an FSA?

With an FSA, you elect to have your annual contribution (up to the annual limit set by the IRS) deducted from your
paycheck each pay period in equal installments throughout the year. The amount of your pay that goes into an FSA will
not count as taxable income, so you will have immediate tax savings. FSA dollars can be used during the plan year to
pay for qualified expenses and services. Please check with your employer to see what plans are offered.

A Health FSA allows reimbursement of qualifying out-of-pocket medical expenses.

A Dependent Care FSA allows reimbursement of dependent care expenses, such as day care, incurred by
eligible dependents.

A Limited Purpose Health FSA is compatible with a Health Savings Account (HSA). A limited FSA only
allows reimbursement for preventive care, vision and dental expenses, keeping the employee eligible to
contribute to an HSA.

With all FSA account types, you'll receive access to a secure,
easy-to-use web portal where you can track your account
balance, view your investment accounts and submit requests
for reimbursements.

In addition, your plan might offer a convenient prepaid benefits
card to make it easy to pay for eligible services and products.
When you use the card, payments are automatically withdrawn
from your account, so there are no out-of-pocket costs and you
likely won't have to submit receipts to verify the purchase. Just
swipe the card and go. It's that easy!

Throughout the year, you'll likely incur
expenses for yourself and your family
that insurance won't cover. By taking
advantage of a health care FSA, you
can actually reduce your taxable
income and reduce your out-of-pocket
expenses when you use your FSA
to pay for health care services and
products you'd purchase anyway.

<!-- PageFooter="copyright 2022 · www.isolvedbenefitservices.com" -->


<figure>

solved

</figure>


<!-- PageBreak -->


### Is an FSA right for me?

An FSA is a great way to pay for expenses with pre-tax
dollars. A Health Care FSA could save you money if you or
your dependents:

· Have out-of-pocket expenses like co-pays,
coinsurance, or deductibles for health,
prescription, dental or vision plans

· Have a health condition that requires the purchase
of prescription medications on an ongoing basis

· Wear glasses or contact lenses or are planning
LASIK surgery

· Need orthodontia care, such as braces, or have
dental expenses not covered by your insurance

A Dependent Care FSA provides pre-tax reimbursement of
out-of-pocket expenses related to dependent care. This
benefit may make sense if you (and your spouse, if married)
are working or in school, and:

· Your dependent children under age 13 attend
day care, after-school care or summer day camp

· You provide care for a person of any age who you
claim as a dependent on your federal income tax
return and who is mentally or physically incapable
of caring for himself or herself

An FSA is a great way to pay for expenses with pre-tax dollars.

· Enjoy significant tax savings with pre-tax contributions and
tax-free distributions used for qualified plan expenses

· Quickly and easily access funds using the prepaid benefits card
at point of sale, or request to have funds directly deposited to
your bank account via online or mobile app

· Reduce filing hassles and paperwork by using your prepaid
benefits card

· Enjoy secure access to accounts using a convenient Consumer
Portal available 24/7/365

· Manage your FSA "on the go" with an easy-to-use mobile app

· File claims easily online (when required) and let the system
determine approval based on eligibility and availability of funds

· Stay up to date on balances and action required with
automated email alert and convenient portal and mobile home
page messages

· Get one-click answers to benefits questions


<figure>
</figure>


With the convenience of a mobile device, you can see your available
balance anywhere, anytime, as well as file claims and upload receipts.


### Plan Ahead

Before you enroll, you must first decide how much you want to contribute to
your account (s). You will want to spend some time estimating your anticipated
eligible medical and dependent care expenses for the calendar year.

As of October 31, 2013, the U.S. Treasury Department modified its Health
Flexible Spending Account (FSA) Use-or-Lose rule to allow up to a $570
carryover of Health FSA funds. The carryover option is based solely on your
employer's plan design. Not every company allows a carryover. Some employer
plans may establish a lower maximum limit than $570, but it must be uniformly
applied to all eligible participants. The carryover is applicable only to Health
FSAs (not to Dependent Care FSAs). Any unused amount above the carryover
limit is subject to forfeiture and cannot be cashed out or transferred to other
taxable or nontaxable benefits (e.g., HSAs).

For questions, contact us at: FSA@isolvedhcm.com or 800-300-3838

Transforming employee experience for a better today and a better tomorrow.

<!-- PageFooter="copyright 2021 · www.isolvedbenefitservices.com" -->


<figure>

·solved

</figure>