<figure>

g Guardian®

</figure>


Watch our video
Learn how dental insurance can
protect your long-term health.


# Dental insurance

Taking care of your teeth is about more
than just covering cavities and cleanings.
It also means accounting for more expensive
dental work, and your overall health.

With dental insurance, routine preventive care can lead to
better overall health. And you'll be able to save money if any
extensive dental work is required.


## Who is it for?

Everyone should have access to great dental coverage, which is why we
offer comprehensive plans that are available through employers as part of
your benefit offerings.


## What does it cover?

Dental insurance helps to protect your overall oral care. That includes
services like preventive cleanings, x-rays, restorative services like fillings,
and other more serious forms of oral surgery if you ever need them.


## Why should I consider it?

Poor oral health isn't just aesthetic, it's also been linked to conditions
including diabetes, heart disease, and strokes. So, while brushing and
flossing every day can help keep your teeth clean, nothing should replace
regular visits to the dentist.


<figure>
</figure>


### Staying healthy

Joe visits his dentist for a routine
dental cleaning, to take care of his
teeth as well as his overall health.

Oral health is about more than just
teeth and gums. It's also essential
for a range of other health and
wellbeing reasons:

Cardiovascular disease: Some
research suggests that heart
disease, clogged arteries, and
strokes may be linked to
inflammation and infections
from oral bacteria.

Osteoporosis: Weak and brittle
bones may be linked to tooth loss.

Diabetes: Research shows that
people with gum disease find it
more difficult to control their
blood sugar levels.

Alzheimer's disease: Worsening
oral health is seen as Alzheimer's
disease progresses.

All information contained here is
from the Mayo Clinic, Oral Health:
A Window to Your Overall Health,
www.mayoclinic.com. 2021.

You will receive these benefits if you meet the conditions listed in the policy.

<!-- PageFooter="GUARDIAN® is a registered trademark of The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America Waterfield Tech ALL ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES" -->
<!-- PageFooter="2023-157076 (07/25)" -->
<!-- PageFooter="Kit created 10/27/2023 Group number: 00057408" -->
<!-- PageNumber="3" -->
<!-- PageBreak -->


<figure>

g Guardian®

</figure>


<figure>
</figure>


# Your dental coverage

PPO plan, you'll have access to one of the largest networks of dentists with two reimbursement levels that give you more control
over savings. You will always save money with any dentist in Guardian's network and when they belong to a tier in the Tier I
reimbursement level you will maximize your savings. Reimbursement for covered services received from a non-contracted dentist
will be based on a percentile of the prevailing fee data for the dentist's zip code.


<table>
<tr>
<th rowspan="2">Your Dental Plan</th>
<th colspan="2">PPO</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th>Tier 1</th>
<th>Tier 2</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Your Network is DentalGuard Preferred Network</td>
<td>In-Network</td>
<td>Out-of-Network</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Calendar year deductible</td>
<td>Tier 1</td>
<td>Tier 2</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Individual</td>
<td>$50</td>
<td>$50</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Family limit</td>
<td colspan="2">3 per family (applies to all levels)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Waived for</td>
<td>Preventive</td>
<td>Preventive</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Charges covered for you (co-insurance)</td>
<td>Tier 1</td>
<td>Tier 2</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Preventive Care</td>
<td>100%</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Basic Care</td>
<td>80%</td>
<td>80%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Major Care</td>
<td>50%</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Orthodontia</td>
<td>50%</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Annual Maximum Benefit</td>
<td colspan="2">$3000 (applies to all levels)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Maximum Rollover</td>
<td colspan="2">Yes (applies to all levels)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Rollover Threshold</td>
<td>$1000</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Rollover Amount</td>
<td>$500</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Rollover Amount</td>
<td>$750</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Rollover Account Limit</td>
<td>$1500</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Lifetime Orthodontia Maximum</td>
<td>$2000 (applies to</td>
<td>all levels)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Dependent Age Limits</td>
<td colspan="2">26 (applies to all levels)</td>
</tr>
</table>


<!-- PageFooter="GUARDIAN® is a registered trademark of The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America WATERFIELD TECH" -->
<!-- PageFooter="ALL ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES" -->
<!-- PageFooter="Kit created 10/27/2023 Group number: 00057408" -->
<!-- PageNumber="4" -->
<!-- PageBreak -->


<figure>

Guardian®

</figure>


<figure>
</figure>


# Your dental coverage

A Sample of Services Covered by Your Plan:


<table>
<tr>
<th></th>
<th></th>
<th colspan="2">PPO Plan pays (on average)</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th rowspan="8">Preventive Care</th>
<th></th>
<th>Tier 1</th>
<th>Tier 2</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Cleaning (prophylaxis)</td>
<td>100%</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Frequency:</td>
<td>2 per calendar</td>
<td>year (applies to all</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Fluoride Treatments</td>
<td>levels) 100%</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Limits:</td>
<td colspan="2">Under Age 14 (applies to all levels)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Oral Exams</td>
<td>100%</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Sealants (per tooth)</td>
<td>100%</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>X-rays</td>
<td>100%</td>
<td>100%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="6">Basic Care</td>
<td>Fillings#</td>
<td>80%</td>
<td>80%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Perio Surgery</td>
<td>80%</td>
<td>80%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Periodontal Maintenance</td>
<td>80%</td>
<td>80%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Frequency:</td>
<td>2 per calendar levels)</td>
<td>year (applies to all</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Root Canal</td>
<td>80%</td>
<td>80%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Scaling &amp; Root Planing (per quadrant)</td>
<td>80%</td>
<td>80%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="7">Major Care</td>
<td>Anesthesia*</td>
<td>50%</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Bridges and Dentures</td>
<td>50%</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Inlays, Onlays, Veneers **</td>
<td>50%</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Repair &amp; Maintenance of Crowns, Bridges &amp; Dentures</td>
<td>50%</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Simple Extractions</td>
<td>50%</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Single Crowns</td>
<td>50%</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Surgical Extractions</td>
<td>50%</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="2">Orthodontia</td>
<td>Orthodontia</td>
<td>50%</td>
<td>50%</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Limits:</td>
<td colspan="2">Child(ren) (applies to all levels)</td>
</tr>
</table>


Guardian's Preferred Provider Organization consists of Dentists in the DentalGuard Preferred ("DGP") network. These tiers
represent specific benefit levels as described in Your Schedule of Benefits. Network access varies by geographic location and zip code.
Please visit www.Guardianlife.com to confirm your Dentist's tiered participation.

This is only a partial list of dental services. Your certificate of benefits will show exactly what is covered and excluded. ** For PPO and
or Indemnity members, Crowns, Inlays, Onlays and Labial Veneers are covered only when needed because of decay or injury or other
pathology when the tooth cannot be restored with amalgam or composite filing material. When Orthodontia coverage is for
"Child(ren)" only, the orthodontic appliance must be placed prior to the age limit set by your plan; If full-time status is required by
your plan in order to remain insured after a certain age; then orthodontic maintenance may continue as long as full-time student status
is maintained. If Orthodontia coverage is for "Adults and Child(ren)" this limitation does not apply. * General Anesthesia - restrictions
apply. #For PPO and or Indemnity members, Fillings - restrictions may apply to composite fillings.

<!-- PageFooter="GUARDIAN® is a registered trademark of The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America Waterfield Tech ALL ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES" -->
<!-- PageFooter="Kit created 10/27/23 Group number: 00057408" -->
<!-- PageNumber="5" -->
<!-- PageBreak -->


<figure>

Guardian®

</figure>


<figure>
</figure>


## Your dental coverage

Manage Your Benefits:

Go to www.Guardianlife.com to access secure information about
your Guardian benefits including access to an image of your ID
Card. Your on-line account will be set up within 30 days after your
plan effective date.

Find A Dentist:

Visit www.Guardianlife.com
Click on "Find A Provider"; You will need to know your plan, which
can be found on the first page of your dental benefit summary.


### Need Assistance?

Call the Guardian Helpline (888) 600-1600, weekdays,
8:00 AM to 8:30 PM, EST. Refer to your member ID (social
security number) and your plan number: 00057408

Please call the Guardian Helpline if you need to use
your benefits within 30 days of plan effective date.
Please note, self-serve options over the phone or
online at Guardian Anytime are not available until the
case is fully implemented, please wait to speak to a
live agent when calling the Guardian Helpline.


## EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS

Important Information about Guardian's DentalGuard Indemnity and
DentalGuard Preferred Network PPO plans: This policy provides dental
insurance only. Coverage is limited to those charges that are necessary to
prevent, diagnose or treat dental disease, defect, or injury. Deductibles apply.
The plan does not pay for: oral hygiene services (except as covered under
preventive services), orthodontia (unless expressly provided for), cosmetic or
experimental treatments (unless they are expressly provided for), any
treatments to the extent benefits are payable by any other payor or for which

no charge is made, prosthetic devices unless certain conditions are met, and
services ancillary to surgical treatment. The plan limits benefits for diagnostic
consultations and for preventive, restorative, endodontic, periodontic, and
prosthodontic services. The services, exclusions and limitations listed above do
not constitute a contract and are a summary only. The Guardian plan
documents are the final arbiter of coverage. Contract # DG7-P et al.

DentalGuard Insurance is underwritten and issued by The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, New York, NY. Products are not available in all
states. Policy limitations and exclusions apply. Optional riders and/or features may incur additional costs. Plan documents are the final arbiter of
coverage. This policy provides DENTAL insurance only.

Policy Form # GP-1-DG2000, et al, GP-1-DEN-16

<!-- PageFooter="GUARDIAN® is a registered trademark of The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America Waterfield Tech ALL ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES" -->
<!-- PageFooter="Kit created 10/27/23 Group number: 00057408" -->
<!-- PageNumber="6" -->
