<figure>

BlueCross BlueShield of Oklahoma

®

®

</figure>


# 24/7 Nurseline Nurses available anytime you need them.

Health happens - good or bad,
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
That is why we have registered nurses
waiting to talk to you whenever you
call our 24/7 Nurseline.

Our nurses can answer your health questions
and try to help you decide whether you should
go to the emergency room or urgent care center
or make an appointment with your doctor. You
can also call the 24/7 Nurseline whenever you or
your covered family members need answers to
health questions about:

· Asthma

· Dizziness or severe headaches

· Cuts or burns

· Back pain

· High fever

· Sore throat

· Diabetes

· A baby's nonstop crying

· And much more

Plus when you call, you can access an audio library
of more than 1,000 health topics - from allergies
to surgeries - with more than 500 topics available
in Spanish.

So, put the 24/7 Nurseline phone number in your
contacts today, because health happens 24/7.


<figure>
</figure>


<figure>

\-

</figure>


Call the 24/7 Nurseline number on the back of your member ID card.
Hours of Operation: Anytime

For medical emergencies, call 911. This program is not a substitute for a doctor's care. Talk to your doctor about any health questions or concerns.

Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma, a Division of Health Care Service Corporation,
a Mutual Legal Reserve Company, an Independent Licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association

<!-- PageFooter="9100078.0420" -->
