# asolved Benefit Services


## The Health FSA Carryover.

The U.S. Treasury Department issued Notice 2020-33 for the Health
Flexible Spending Account (FSA) Use-or-Lose rule to allow up to a $640
carryover of Health FSA funds. The carryover is applicable only to Health
FSAs (not to Dependent Care FSAs). Any unused amount above the
carryover limit is subject to forfeiture and cannot be cashed out or
transferred to other taxable or nontaxable benefits (e.g., HSAs).


<figure>
</figure>


If your organization offers the carryover option, it's great news for you because:


<figure>
</figure>


You can now carry over up to $640 of your unused Health FSA funds at the end of the plan year.


<figure>

$

</figure>


The money you put in a Health FSA is not taxed, so assuming you pay a combined 40 percent state
and federal tax rate, you're saving 40 percent on health care expenses funded through the
account.


### Before Carryover


### FSA Carryover


<figure>

January 1

Up to $3,050
Available

January 1

Up to $3,050
Available

Minus medical, dental and vision expenses

Minus medical, dental and vision expenses

December

Remaining Balance
$450 Available

December

Remaining Balance
$450 Available

$0

$450

</figure>


\* This graphic is for informational purposes only. Plans vary by employer and this scenario may not be applicable for all employees.

The Health FSA carryover option may also apply to Limited FSA, an employer-sponsored benefit that is often
usedinconjunction with a Health Savings Account (HSA), offered with ahigh deductible health plan.

If your organization offers carryover but you have chosen not to participate in the Health FSA program
because of the Use-or-Lose rule, it's time to take another look.

<!-- PageFooter="copyright 2023 . www.isolvedbenefitservices.com" -->


<figure>

asolved

</figure>