·solved
TM


# How to Make a Repayment

Certain situations may require you to repay isolved Benefit Services for a paid claim that is either an ineligible expense
or missing documentation. This can be easily completed on the Online Portal.

If you have a denied claim that needs to be repaid and it is not repaid prior to the end of the plan year, your employer
can list those denied funds as taxable income on your W2.


## Steps to Make a Repayment

A repayment of a claim is required once the paid claim is denied and marked for repayment. You will be able to repay
online.

1\. Under Action Require, you will see an alert
about a repayment. Click on the link to begin
the process.


<figure>

Action Required 2

! 1 repayment(s) totaling $110.00 due for paid claims that were later denied
?

</figure>


## Accounts / Repayments

Repayments are necessary when claims have been paid to you but later denied. This page displays any pending
repayments as well as past repayments.


### Pending Repayments

View the appropriate Denial Letter with Repayment Notification for instructions on how to satisfy your outstanding
repayment(s). The Date/Time of the Denial Letter with Repayment Notification in the Message Center should be the day
after the corresponding repayment Denial Date below:

CEMAL DATE

DATE OF
SERVICI

ACCOUNT

MERCHANT /
PROVIDER

REPAYMENT
ME THOO

CROKZNAL
RI PAYMENT

OUT STANDING
REPAYMENT
DUE

12/8/2020 11/12/2020 Health C.

Check

$110.00

$110.00

View Denial
View Claim

Repay

Total Outstanding Amount: $110.00

2\. View the line item with the denied claim. Click
Repay.

3\. If you have a bank account on file, choose that account.
If you do not have a bank account setup, you will be asked
to add an account. Once the bank account information is
entered, click Submit.


#### Repayments / Repay


<table>
<tr>
<td>Repayment Details</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Denial Date</td>
<td>12/8/2020</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Account</td>
<td>Health Care Account (1/1/2020 - 12/31/2020)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Original Repayment</td>
<td>$110.00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Repaid Amount</td>
<td>($0.00)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Outstanding Repayment Due</td>
<td>$110.00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="2">Repayment From</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>A ☒ You do not have a bank account set up. To add a bank account, select the 'Add Bank Account' link below. Add Bank Account</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Repayment On</td>
<td>12/10/2020</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Repayment Amount</td>
<td>$110.00</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Repayment Disclaimer</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</table>


I certify that I am the accountholder or an individual authorized to execute this transaction of a mistaken reimbursement.
I have read and understand the instructions and any rules or conditions relating to and have met the requirements for
making this transaction. I authorize the administrator to debit my bank account for the amount I have indicated in the
transaction. I assume full responsibility for this transaction and will not hold the administrator, including its agents and
employees, liable for any adverse consequences that may result. I have not received tax or legal advice from the
administrator and, if necessary, will seek the advice of a tax or legal professional to ensure my compliance with related
laws. All information provided by me is true and correct and may be relied upon by the administrator. I understand that
this transaction may be revoked or cancelled by contacting the administrator on the date of the transaction.

☐

I have read, understand, and agree to the information and terms above.

Cancel

Submit

All ideas and information contained within these documents are the intellectual property rights of isolved Benefit Services. These documents are not for general distribution
and are meant for use only by isolved Benefit Services and trusted partners. Unauthorized distribution of these documents, in any form or means including electronic,
mechanical, photocopying or otherwise is prohibited.

<!-- PageFooter="15 E. Washington St. . PO Box 889 . Coldwater, MI 49036-0889 . 800-300-3838 . E-mail:fsa@isolvedhcm.com Copyright @ 2020 isolved Benefit Services. All rights reserved." -->
<!-- PageBreak -->

·solved

How to Make a Repayment

4\. Once you have successfully created the repayment (submitted repayment amount), you will receive a confirmation
message within the online portal.

The Repayment page will also show any Scheduled Repayments, Repaid Repayments and Canceled Repayments.

Remember, you can now go mobile by using your smart phone to access:

· FSA Account balances

· Submit claims for reimbursement

. Send receipts using a mobile device's camera

. Configure alerts via text message

Easily check information now using an iphone, ipod Touch, iPad or Android-powered device.

<!-- PageFooter="All ideas and information contained within these documents are the intellectual property rights of isolved Benefit Services. These documents are not for general distribution and are meant for use only by isolved Benefit Services and trusted partners. Unauthorized distribution of these documents, in any form or means including electronic, mechanical, photocopying or otherwise is prohibited." -->
<!-- PageFooter="15 E. Washington St. . PO Box 889 . Coldwater, MI 49036-0889 . 800-300-3838 . E-mail:fsa@isolvedhcm.com Copyright @ 2020 isolved Benefit Services. All rights reserved." -->
