# Pet insurance from Nationwide®


<figure>
</figure>


Fetch the best health coverage for your pet through your voluntary benefits package.
With two budget-friendly plans plus a $500 wellness benefit option,1 there's never been
a better time to sign up for My Pet Protection®, available only through your workplace
benefits program.

Get cash back on eligible vet bills: Choose 50% or 70% reimbursement2

vEasy to use: Base plans have a $250 annual deductible and $7,500 in annual benefits

Just for employees: Preferred pricing offered only through your company

vUse any vet, anywhere: No networks, no pre-approvals

Did you know? Nationwide is the first provider
with coverage plans for birds and exotic pets.


<figure>
</figure>


How to use your
pet insurance plan
1
Visit any vet,
anywhere.


<figure>
</figure>


<figure>

2
Submit
claim.
3
Get reimbursed for
eligible expenses.

</figure>


https://benefits.petinsurance.com/cls | 877-738-7874

[1] Starting on 9/1/23 new members can select the My Pet Protection® Wellness500 coverage option, with the earliest effective date of 10/1/23 and
forward. Existing members can add My Pet Protection® Wellness500 during their respective renewal period only.

[2] Some exclusions may apply. Certain coverages may be subject to pre-existing exclusion. See policy documents for a complete list of exclusions.

Products underwritten by Veterinary Pet Insurance Company (CA), Columbus, OH; National Casualty Company (all other states), Columbus, OH.
Agency of Record: DVM Insurance Agency. All are subsidiaries of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. Subject to underwriting guidelines, review and
approval. Products and discounts not available to all persons in all states. Insurance terms, definitions and explanations are intended for informational
purposes only and do not in any way replace or modify the definitions and information contained in individual insurance contracts, policies or
declaration pages, which are controlling. Nationwide, the Nationwide N and Eagle, and Nationwide is on your side are service marks of Nationwide
Mutual Insurance Company. @2023 Nationwide. 23GRP9430


<figure>

Nationwide®

</figure>


<!-- PageBreak -->


## Nationwide® My Pet Protection® PLAN SUMMARY

Nationwide pet insurance helps you cover veterinary expenses so you can provide your pets with
the best care possible-without worrying about the cost.


### My Pet Protection coverage highlights

My Pet Protection is available in two reimbursement options (50% and 70%) with an optional $500
wellness benefit so you can find coverage that fits your budget.1 Base plans have a $250 annual
deductible and $7,500 annual benefit.

Coverage includes2:

· Accidents

· Illnesses

· Hereditary and congenital conditions

· Cancer

· Behavioral treatments

· Rx therapeutic diets and supplements

· Wellness1 and more

My Pet Protection includes these additional
benefits for cats and dogs:

· Lost pet advertising and reward expense

· Emergency boarding

· Loss due to theft

· Mortality benefit


### What makes My Pet Protection different?

My Pet Protection is available through your employer's voluntary
benefit plan, which includes preferred pricing and is guaranteed
issuance.3 It also includes additional benefits like lost pet
advertising, emergency boarding and more.

It's no surprise that My Pet Protection is the most paw-pular
coverage plan from America's #1 pet insurer.4


<figure>

9

</figure>


Did you know? Nationwide is the first
provider with coverage plans for
companion animals such as birds, reptiles
and other small pets


### Nationwide offers more than great coverage


#### vethelpline®

· 24/7 access to veterinary experts

· Available via phone, chat and email

· Unlimited help for everything from general pet
questions to identifying urgent care needs


#### Nationwide PetRxExpress®

· Save time and money by filling pet prescriptions
at participating in-store retail pharmacies across
the U.S.

· Pharmacy submits claims directly to Nationwide

· More than 4,700 pharmacy locations

https://benefits.petinsurance.com/cls | 877-738-7874

[1] Starting on 9/1/23 new members can select the My Pet Protection® Wellness500 coverage option, with the earliest effective date of 10/1/23 and forward. Existing members can add
My Pet Protection® Wellness500 during their respective renewal period only.

[2] These are examples of general coverage; please review plan document for specific coverages. Some exclusions may apply. Certain coverages may be excluded due to pre-existing
conditions. See policy documents for a complete list of exclusions.

[3] Guaranteed issuance does not mean guaranteed coverage since certain exclusions could apply.

[4] State of the Industry Report 2022, North American Pet Health Insurance Association.

Products underwritten by Veterinary Pet Insurance Company (CA), Columbus, OH; National Casualty Company (all other states), Columbus, OH. Agency of Record: DVM

Insurance Agency. All are subsidiaries of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. Nationwide, the Nationwide N and Eagle, Nationwide is on your side, vethelpline® and Nationwide
PetRxExpress5M are service marks of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. Third party marks are the property of their respective owners. @2023 Nationwide. 23GRP9341


<figure>

Nationwide®

</figure>


<!-- PageBreak -->


## Nationwide® is the first provider with coverage plans for birds and exotic pets


<figure>
</figure>


Owners of birds, reptiles and exotic pets can get
50% or 70% reimbursement on eligible veterinary
expenses with pet health coverage from Nationwide.'

· Includes veterinary exams, surgeries, diagnostic testing,
prescriptions, wellness2 and more

· Base plans have a low $250 annual deductible, not per-incident

· Use any vet, anywhere

Coverage available for:

· Amphibians

· Birds

· Chameleons

· Chinchillas

· Ferrets

· Geckos

· Gerbils

· Guinea pigs

· Hamsters

· Iguanas

· Lizards

· Mice

· Rats

· Rabbits

· Snakes

· Tortoises

· Turtles

· And more


<figure>
</figure>


Call 877-738-7874 to learn about avian and
exotic pet coverage from Nationwide.
Product availability may vary by state.


<figure>

Nationwide®

</figure>


<!-- PageBreak -->


## Here's how coverage works for common avian and exotic medical conditions


### Rabbit: Intestinal obstruction

Oreo, a 9-year-old male rabbit, was
brought to the veterinarian after
several days of abdominal pain,
lethargy and loss of appetite.

Veterinary bill: $3,330

$2,156
reimbursement

Nationwide reimbursed: $2,156

He was diagnosed with an
intestinal obstruction.

Owner's net cost: $1,174
(after $250 annual deductible
and co-pay)


### Cockatiel: Excessive egg laying

Sunny, a 12-year-old cockatiel,
suffered from excessive egg laying.
Due to the chronic depletion of
calcium to produce eggshells, she
was malnourished.

Veterinary bill: $2,332

$1,458
reimbursement

Nationwide reimbursed: $1,458

After exhausting all other treatment
options, Sunny's owner agreed to
spay her.

Owner's net cost: $874
(after $250 annual deductible
and co-pay)


### Bearded dragon: Gout

Elliott, a 2-year-old male bearded
dragon, stopped moving and had
enlarged, painful joints. He was
diagnosed with gout.

Veterinary bill: $1,182

$653

Nationwide reimbursed: $653

His owner agreed to
hospitalization for pain
management and supportive care.

Owner's net cost: $529
(after $250 annual deductible
and co-pay)

reimbursement

Call 877-738-7874 to learn about avian and exotic pet coverage from Nationwide.
Product availability may vary by state.

[1] Some exclusions may apply. Certain coverages may be excluded due to pre-existing conditions. See policy documents for a complete list of exclusions. Plans may not be
available in all states. Policy eligibility may vary. Some species of avian and exotic pets are not eligible for coverage.

[2] Starting on 9/1/23 new members can select the My Pet Protection® Wellness500 coverage option, with the earliest effective date of 10/1/23 and forward. Existing
members can add My Pet Protection® Wellness500 during their respective renewal period only.

[3] These examples are based on actual pet insurance claims from Nationwide members who were enrolled prior to the introduction of the new Avian & Exotic Pet plan.
Their claims were reimbursed according to the plan in which each respective member was enrolled at the time. Amounts shown here reflect how reimbursement would be
calculated with the Avian & Exotic pet plan with a 70% reimbursement and a $250 annual deductible not met on prior claims. Nationwide does not determine the amount a
veterinarian may charge; that amount will vary by region and veterinary practice.

Products underwritten by Veterinary Pet Insurance Company (CA), Columbus, OH; National Casualty Company (all other states), Columbus, OH. Agency of Record: DVM
Insurance Agency. All are subsidiaries of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. Subject to underwriting guidelines, review and approval. Products and discounts not
available to all persons in all states. Insurance terms, definitions and explanations are intended for informational purposes only and do not in any way replace or modify the
definitions and information contained in individual insurance contracts, policies or declaration pages, which are controlling. Nationwide, the Nationwide N and Eagle, and
Nationwide is on your side are service marks of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. @2023 Nationwide. 23GRP9316E


<figure>

Nationwide®

</figure>


<!-- PageBreak -->


### Nationwide® pet insurance FAQ


#### Do I need to re-enroll for this benefit every year?

No. Once enrolled, the policy will renew automatically each year at your renewal.

How can I make changes to my policy?

You can make changes to your policy during your policy renewal period. All changes are subject to underwriting
approval.

When is the policy renewal period?

The renewal period starts 60 days before the policy's current 12-month term expires. The policy's effective date
and expiration date can be found on the Declarations Page, which is included with the policy packet that is
mailed to you at each new term.

What happens to my pet insurance policy if I am no longer with the company?
You will be notified and asked to update billing information in order to keep the policy active.

Will pre-existing conditions be covered?

Unfortunately, no. Like all pet insurers, we don't cover pre-existing conditions on any of our plans.

Can I still use my veterinarian?

Absolutely. You're free to visit any licensed veterinarian, anywhere in the world-even specialists and emergency
providers.

If I have a pet other than a dog or cat, can I enroll?

Yes! If you want coverage for your bird, rabbit, reptile or other exotic pet, you'll find it with Nationwide®.
To enroll in the Avian & Exotic Pet Plan, please call 877-738-7874.

What is vethelpline® and how does it work?

Veterinary experts are available 24/7 through vethelpline®, a service provided exclusively for Nationwide® pet
insurance members. You can get live help with any pet health concern, including identifying urgent care needs.
Please note, a vethelpline consultation is not a substitute for a visit to your primary veterinarian.

How do I file a claim?

It's easy. Simply pay your vet bill and then send us a claim for reimbursement via mail, email or online.
Mail: Nationwide Claims Dept., P. O. Box 2344, Brea, CA 92822-2344

Email: submitmyclaim@petinsurance.com

Online: Submit claims through your Nationwide Pet Account Access page at my.petinsurance.com. Please
allow 48 hours from the time you submit your claim for it to appear online.

https://benefits.petinsurance.com/cls | 877-738-7874

<!-- PageFooter="Products underwritten by Veterinary Pet Insurance Company (CA), Columbus, OH; National Casualty Company (all other states), Columbus, OH. Agency of Record: DVM Insurance Agency. All are subsidiaries of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. Nationwide, the Nationwide N and Eagle, and Nationwide is on your side are service marks of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. @2023 Nationwide. 22GRP9065H" -->


<figure>

Nationwide®

</figure>


<!-- PageBreak -->


## How to apply for a pet insurance policy

Nationwide® pet insurance provides coverage for veterinary expenses
related to accidents and illnesses. Policies are available for dogs, cats,
birds, reptiles and other exotic pets.


### Signing up for pet insurance is easy


<figure>
</figure>


https://benefits.petinsurance.com/cls | 877-738-7874

During enrollment, you may be asked for the following information:


<figure>
</figure>


· Name

· Address

· Home or primary telephone number

· E-mail address

· Name and age of your pet

· Pet's species (canine, feline, etc.)

· Payment information/plan*

*Applications approved between the 1st and the 15th of the month
become effective on the 1st of the following month. Applications
approved from the 16th through the end of the month become effective
on the 1st of not the following month, but the month thereafter.

Example: May 1 approval = June 1 effective date
May 16 approval = July 1 effective date

<!-- PageFooter="Products underwritten by Veterinary Pet Insurance Company (CA), Columbus, OH; National Casualty Company (all other states), Columbus, OH. Agency of Record: DVM Insurance Agency. All are subsidiaries of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. Nationwide, the Nationwide N and Eagle, and Nationwide is on your side are service marks of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. @2023 Nationwide. 22GRP9065E" -->


<figure>

Nationwide®

</figure>


<!-- PageBreak -->

Nationwide®
PetRxExpress®
SM

Save time and money when filling pet prescriptions at a Walmart or Sam's Club pharmacy
with Nationwide® PetRxExpressSM.

For no extra cost, our pet insurance members get discounts on Walmart's already low
prices while enjoying the effortless convenience of automatic claim submission.


### How it works

Using Nationwide® PetRxExpress&M is easy and convenient for Nationwide pet insurance members.

1\. Download a digital pet insurance card at my.petinsurance.com.

2\. Take a prescription to any in-store Walmart or Sam's Club pharmacy, or have the veterinarian call it in.

3\. Show the pet insurance card at the checkout and pay for the prescription.

That's it! The pharmacy will automatically submit a claim to Nationwide for processing, and you will be
reimbursed for eligible expenses .*

*Reimbursement or co-insurance is based on coverage detailed in policy. See Nationwide PetRxExpress5M Terms of Service. Certain
coverages may be excluded due to pre-existing conditions. See policy documents for a complete list of exclusions.


### Get prescription pet meds for less


<figure>
</figure>


· Optional program available to all active Nationwide pet insurance members

· Receive discounted pricing on medications not covered by pet insurance

. No cost to use

https://benefits.petinsurance.com/cls | 877-738-7874

Products underwritten by Veterinary Pet Insurance Company (CA), Columbus, OH; National Casualty Company (all other states), Columbus, OH.
Agency of Record: DVM Insurance Agency. All are subsidiaries of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. Subject to underwriting guidelines,
review and approval. Products and discounts not available to all persons in all states. Insurance terms, definitions and explanations are intended
for informational purposes only and do not in any way replace or modify the definitions and information contained in individual insurance
contracts, policies or declaration pages, which are controlling. Nationwide, the Nationwide N and Eagle, Nationwide is on your side, and
PetRxExpress™" are service marks of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. @2023 Nationwide. 22GRP9056G


<figure>

Nationwide®

</figure>


<!-- PageBreak -->


<figure>

vethelpline
®

</figure>


When it comes to your
pet's health, no concern is
too big or too small.


<figure>

0

</figure>


<figure>
</figure>


### Friendly, expert advice

Knowledgeable veterinary experts are on call
24/7 to provide guidance on any pet health
concern, from general questions to identifying
urgent care needs.

All vethelpline® staff are based in the U.S. and
have years of clinical experience. This service is
available by phone, email or chat.


<figure>
</figure>


### How it works

Nationwide pet insurance members can start
using this service right now-there's no sign up
or extra enrollment required.

· Available 24/7 via phone, email or chat

· Available to all pet insurance members

· Unlimited access

vethelpline® is available as a service to all Nationwide pet insurance members.

https://benefits.petinsurance.com/cls | 877-738-7874

vethelpline® is also available to any pet owner with a paid subscription.
vethelpline® is not a substitute for a visit to your primary veterinarian.

Products underwritten by Veterinary Pet Insurance Company (CA), Columbus, OH; National Casualty Company
(all other states), Columbus, OH. Agency of Record: DVM Insurance Agency. All are subsidiaries of Nationwide
Mutual Insurance Company. Nationwide, the Nationwide N and Eagle, and Nationwide is on your side, and
vethelpline® are service marks of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. @2023 Nationwide. 22GRP9056F


<figure>

Nationwide®
®

</figure>