Summary of Benefits and Coverage: What this Plan Covers & What You Pay for Covered Services\n\nCoverage Period: 01/01/2025 - 12/31/2025\n\n\n<figure>\n</figure>\n\n\nBlueCross BlueShield of Oklahoma\n\nWTI Holdings LLC DBA Waterfield Technologies: Blue preferred $1,500 PPO Plan Coverage for: Individual/Family | Plan Type: PPO\n\n\n<figure>\n</figure>\n\n\nThe Summary of Benefits and Coverage (SBC) document will help you choose a health plan. The SBC shows you how you and the plan would\nshare the cost for covered health care services. NOTE: Information about the cost of this plan (called the premium) will be provided separately.\nThis is only a summary. For more information about your coverage, or to get a copy of the complete terms of coverage, call 1-800-942-5837 or at\nhttps://policy-srv.box.com/s/acre3hhlhe0iqrcrst1lk8bwws9e9gfc.\n\nFor general definitions of common terms, such as allowed amount, balance billing, coinsurance, copayment, deductible, provider, or other underlined terms, see the\nGlossary. You can view the Glossary at www.healthcare.gov/sbc-glossary/ or call 1-855-756-4448 to request a copy.\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<th>Important Questions</th>\n<th>Answers</th>\n<th>Why This Matters:</th>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>What is the overall deductible?</td>\n<td>Network: $1,500 Individual / $3,000 Family Out-of-Network: $4,000 Individual / $8,000 Family</td>\n<td>Generally, you must pay all of the costs from providers up to the deductible amount before this plan begins to pay. If you have other family members on the plan, each family member must meet their own individual deductible until the total amount of deductible expenses paid by all family members meets the overall family deductible.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Are there services covered before you meet your deductible?</td>\n<td>Yes. Services that charge a copayment, prescription drugs, ambulance, certain preventive care, and Network diagnostic tests are covered before you meet your deductible.</td>\n<td>This plan covers some items and services even if you haven't yet met the deductible amount. But a copayment or coinsurance may apply. For example, this plan covers certain preventive services without cost sharing and before you meet your deductible. See a list of covered preventive services at www.healthcare.gov/coverage/preventive-care-benefits/.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Are there other deductibles for specific services?</td>\n<td>Yes. Per occurrence: $300 Out-of-Network inpatient admission. There are no other specific deductibles.</td>\n<td>You must pay all of the costs for these services up to the specific deductible amount before this plan begins to pay for these services.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>What is the out-of-pocket limit for this plan?</td>\n<td>Network: $5,500 Individual / $11,000 Family Out-of-Network: $12,000 Individual / $24,000 Family</td>\n<td>The out-of-pocket limit is the most you could pay in a year for covered services. If you have other family members in this plan, they have to meet their own out-of-pocket limits until the overall family out-of-pocket limit has been met.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>What is not included in the out-of-pocket limit?</td>\n<td>Premiums, balance-billing charges, preauthorization penalties, and health care this plan doesn't cover.</td>\n<td>Even though you pay these expenses, they don't count toward the out-of- pocket limit.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Will you pay less if you use a network provider?</td>\n<td>Yes. See www.bcbsok.com or call 1-800-942-5837 for a list of network providers.</td>\n<td>This plan uses a provider network. You will pay less if you use a provider in the plan's network. You will pay the most if you use an out-of-network provider, and you might receive a bill from a provider for the difference between the provider's charge and what your plan pays (balance billing). Be aware, your network provider might use an out-of-network provider for some services (such as lab work). Check with your provider before you get services.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Do you need a referral to see a specialist?</td>\n<td>No.</td>\n<td>You can see the specialist you choose without a referral.</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\nBlue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma, a Division of Health Care Service Corporation, a Mutual Legal Reserve Company,\nan Independent Licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association\n\n<!-- PageNumber=\"Page 1 of 7\" -->\n<!-- PageBreak -->\n\nAll copayment and coinsurance costs shown in this chart are after your deductible has been met, if a deductible applies.\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<th rowspan=\"2\">Common Medical Event</th>\n<th rowspan=\"2\">Services You May Need</th>\n<th colspan=\"2\">What You Will Pay</th>\n<th rowspan=\"2\">Limitations, Exceptions, &amp; Other Important Information</th>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<th>Network Provider (You will pay the least)</th>\n<th>Out-of-Network Provider (You will pay the most)</th>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td rowspan=\"3\">If you visit a health care provider's office or clinic</td>\n<td>Primary care visit to treat an injury or illness</td>\n<td>$25/visit; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>30% coinsurance</td>\n<td>Telemedicine visits are available, please refer to your plan policy for more details.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Specialist visit</td>\n<td>$50/visit; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>30% coinsurance</td>\n<td>None</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Preventive care/screening/ immunization</td>\n<td>No Charge; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>30% coinsurance</td>\n<td>You may have to pay for services that aren't preventive. Ask your provider if the services needed are preventive. Then check what your plan will pay for. Annual mammography screening and childhood immunizations are covered at No Charge Out-of-Network.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td rowspan=\"2\">If you have a test</td>\n<td>Diagnostic test (x-ray, blood work)</td>\n<td>No Charge; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>30% coinsurance</td>\n<td>In conjunction with office visit, No Charge after visit copayment.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Imaging (CT/PET scans, MRIs)</td>\n<td>20% coinsurance</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance</td>\n<td>None</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<th rowspan=\"2\">Common Medical Event</th>\n<th rowspan=\"2\">Services You May Need</th>\n<th colspan=\"2\">What You Will Pay</th>\n<th rowspan=\"2\">Limitations, Exceptions, &amp; Other Important Information</th>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<th>Network Provider (You will pay the least)</th>\n<th>Out-of-Network Provider (You will pay the most)</th>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td rowspan=\"7\">If you need drugs to treat your illness or condition More information about prescription drug coverage is available at https://www.bcbsok.com/m ember/prescription-drug- plan-information/pharmacy- prescription-plan- information</td>\n<td>Preferred generic drugs</td>\n<td>$3 retail $6 mail order/prescription; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>$3 retail/prescription; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td rowspan=\"7\">Limited to a 30-day supply at retail (or a 90-day supply at a network of select retail pharmacies). Up to 90-day supply at mail order. Payment of the difference between the cost of a brand name drug and a generic may be required if a generic drug is available. Specialty drugs should be obtained from Network specialty pharmacy provider; 20% penalty if any other vendor is used. 30-day supply except for certain FDA-designated dosing regimens. Mail order is not covered. Your cost for a covered insulin drug will not exceed $30 per 30-day supply or $90 per 90-day supply.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Non-preferred generic drugs</td>\n<td>$10 retail $20 mail order/prescription; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>$10 retail/prescription; deductible does not apply</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Preferred brand drugs</td>\n<td>$45 retail $90 mail order/prescription; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>$45 retail/prescription; deductible does not apply</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Non-preferred brand drugs</td>\n<td>$70 retail $140 mail order/prescription; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>$70 retail/prescription; deductible does not apply</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Preferred specialty drugs</td>\n<td>30% coinsurance, $300 max/prescription; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>30% coinsurance, $300 max/prescription; deductible does not apply</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td rowspan=\"2\">Non-preferred specialty drugs</td>\n<td rowspan=\"2\">50% coinsurance, $500 max/prescription; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance,</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>$500 max/prescription; deductible does not apply</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td rowspan=\"2\">If you have outpatient surgery</td>\n<td>Facility fee (e.g., ambulatory surgery center)</td>\n<td>20% coinsurance</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance</td>\n<td>Elective abortion is not covered.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Physician/surgeon fees</td>\n<td>20% coinsurance</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance</td>\n<td>None</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td rowspan=\"4\">If you need immediate medical attention</td>\n<td rowspan=\"2\">Emergency room care</td>\n<td>Facility Charges: 20% coinsurance after</td>\n<td>Facility Charges: 20% coinsurance after</td>\n<td rowspan=\"2\">None</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>deductible ER Physician Charges: 20% coinsurance after deductible</td>\n<td>deductible ER Physician Charges: 20% coinsurance after deductible</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Emergency medical transportation</td>\n<td>No Charge; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>No Charge; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>None</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Urgent care</td>\n<td>$85/visit; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>30% coinsurance</td>\n<td>None</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td rowspan=\"2\">If you have a hospital stay</td>\n<td>Facility fee (e.g., hospital room)</td>\n<td>20% coinsurance</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance</td>\n<td>Additional $300 per occurrence deductible Out-of-Network. Preauthorization required; $500 penalty if not preauthorized Out-of-Network.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Physician/surgeon fees</td>\n<td>20% coinsurance</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance</td>\n<td>None</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\\* For more information about limitations and exceptions, see the plan or policy document at\nhttps://policy-srv.box.com/s/acre3hhlhe0iqrcrst1lk8bwws9e9gfc.\n\n\n<!-- PageNumber=\"Page 3 of 7\" -->\n<!-- PageBreak -->\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<th rowspan=\"2\">Common Medical Event</th>\n<th rowspan=\"2\">Services You May Need</th>\n<th colspan=\"2\">What You Will Pay</th>\n<th rowspan=\"2\">Limitations, Exceptions, &amp; Other Important Information</th>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<th>Network Provider (You will pay the least)</th>\n<th>Out-of-Network Provider (You will pay the most)</th>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td rowspan=\"2\">If you need mental health, behavioral health, or substance abuse services</td>\n<td>Outpatient services</td>\n<td>$25/office visit; deductible does not apply 20% coinsurance for other outpatient services</td>\n<td>30% coinsurance office visit 50% coinsurance for other outpatient services</td>\n<td>Preauthorization required for certain services. Telemedicine visits are available, please refer to your plan policy for more details.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Inpatient services</td>\n<td>20% coinsurance</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance</td>\n<td>Additional $300 per occurrence deductible Out-of-Network. Preauthorization required; $500 penalty if not preauthorized Out-of-Network.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td rowspan=\"3\">If you are pregnant</td>\n<td>Office visits</td>\n<td>$25 PCP/$50 SPC; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>30% coinsurance</td>\n<td>Copayment applies to first prenatal visit (per pregnancy).</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Childbirth/delivery professional services</td>\n<td>20% coinsurance</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance</td>\n<td>Cost sharing does not apply for preventive services. Depending on the type of services, a copayment, coinsurance, or deductible may apply. Maternity care may include tests and services described elsewhere in the SBC (i.e. ultrasound).</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Childbirth/delivery facility services</td>\n<td>20% coinsurance</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance</td>\n<td>Additional $300 per occurrence deductible Out-of-Network. Preauthorization required; $500 penalty if not preauthorized Out-of-Network.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<th rowspan=\"2\">Common Medical Event</th>\n<th rowspan=\"2\">Services You May Need</th>\n<th colspan=\"2\">What You Will Pay</th>\n<th rowspan=\"2\">Limitations, Exceptions, &amp; Other Important Information</th>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<th>Network Provider (You will pay the least)</th>\n<th>Out-of-Network Provider (You will pay the most)</th>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td rowspan=\"6\">If you need help recovering or have other special health needs</td>\n<td>Home health care</td>\n<td>No Charge; deductible does not apply</td>\n<td>30% coinsurance</td>\n<td>Preauthorization required; $500 penalty if not preauthorized Out-of-Network. 120-visit limit per benefit period.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Rehabilitation services</td>\n<td>20% coinsurance</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance</td>\n<td rowspan=\"2\">Outpatient: Separate 60 visit limit per benefit period for physical, speech, and occupational therapies. Inpatient: Additional $300 per occurrence deductible Out-of-Network. 60 day limit per benefit period. Preauthorization required; $500 penalty if not preauthorized Out-of-Network.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Habilitation services</td>\n<td>20% coinsurance</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Skilled nursing care</td>\n<td>20% coinsurance</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance</td>\n<td>Additional $300 per occurrence deductible Out-of-Network. 60-day limit per benefit period. Preauthorization required; $500 penalty if not preauthorized Out-of-Network.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Durable medical equipment</td>\n<td>20% coinsurance</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance</td>\n<td>Medically necessary, rental or purchase at the plan's discretion.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Hospice services</td>\n<td>20% coinsurance</td>\n<td>50% coinsurance</td>\n<td>Additional $300 per occurrence deductible Out-of-Network. Preauthorization required; $500 penalty if not preauthorized Out-of-Network.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td rowspan=\"3\">If your child needs dental or eye care</td>\n<td>Children's eye exam</td>\n<td>Not Covered</td>\n<td>Not Covered</td>\n<td>None</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Children's glasses</td>\n<td>Not Covered</td>\n<td>Not Covered</td>\n<td>None</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Children's dental check-up</td>\n<td>Not Covered</td>\n<td>Not Covered</td>\n<td>None</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\nExcluded Services & Other Covered Services:\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<td colspan=\"4\">Services Your Plan Generally Does NOT Cover (Check your policy or plan document for more information and a list of any other excluded services.)</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\u00b7</td>\n<td>Acupuncture</td>\n<td>\u00b7 Dental care (Adult)</td>\n<td>\u00b7 Routine eye care (Adult)</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\u00b7</td>\n<td>Bariatric surgery</td>\n<td>\u00b7 Elective abortion (unless the life of the mother is</td>\n<td>\u00b7 Routine foot care</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\u00b7</td>\n<td>Cosmetic surgery</td>\n<td>endangered)</td>\n<td>\u00b7 Weight loss programs</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td rowspan=\"2\">\u00b7</td>\n<td>Custodial care</td>\n<td>\u00b7 Infertility treatment</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td></td>\n<td>\u00b7 Long-term care</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\nOther Covered Services (Limitations may apply to these services. This isn't a complete list. Please see your plan document.)\n\n\u00b7 Chiropractic care\n\n\u00b7 Hearing aids (1 per ear per 48-month period)\n\n\u00b7 Non-emergency care when traveling outside the\nU.S.\n\n\u00b7 Private-duty nursing (85 visits per year)\n\n<!-- PageFooter=\"* For more information about limitations and exceptions, see the plan or policy document at https://policy-srv.box.com/s/acre3hhlhe0iqrcrst1lk8bwws9e9gfc.\" -->\n<!-- PageNumber=\"Page 5 of 7\" -->\n<!-- PageBreak -->\n\nYour Rights to Continue Coverage: There are agencies that can help if you want to continue your coverage after it ends. The contact information for those\nagencies is: For group health coverage contact the plan, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma at 1-800-942-5837 or visit www.bcbsok.com. For group health\ncoverage subject to ERISA, contact the U.S. Department of Labor's Employee Benefits Security Administration at 1-866-444-EBSA (3272) or\nwww.dol.gov/ebsa/healthreform. For non-federal governmental group health plans, contact Department of Health and Human Services, Center for Consumer\nInformation and Insurance Oversight, at 1-877-267-2323 x61565 or www.cciio.cms.gov. Church plans are not covered by the Federal COBRA continuation coverage\nrules. If the coverage is insured, individuals should contact their State insurance regulator regarding their possible rights to continuation coverage under State law.\nOther coverage options may be available to you too, including buying individual insurance coverage through the Health Insurance Marketplace. For more information\nabout the Marketplace, visit www.HealthCare.gov or call 1-800-318-2596.\n\nYour Grievance and Appeals Rights: There are agencies that can help if you have a complaint against your plan for a denial of a claim. This complaint is called a\ngrievance or appeal. For more information about your rights, look at the explanation of benefits you will receive for that medical claim. Your plan documents also\nprovide complete information to submit a claim, appeal, or a grievance for any reason to your plan. For more information about your rights, this notice, or assistance,\ncontact: For group health coverage subject to ERISA: Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma at 1-800-942-5837 or visit www.bcbsok.com, the U.S. Department of\nLabor's Employee Benefits Security Administration at 1-866-444-EBSA (3272) or www.dol.gov/ebsa/healthreform, and the Oklahoma Department of Insurance,\nConsumer Protection at 1-800-522-0071 or www.oid.ok.gov. For non-federal governmental group health plans and church plans that are group health plans, Blue\nCross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma at 1-800-942-5837 or visit www.bcbsok.com or contact the Oklahoma Department of Insurance, Consumer Protection at 1-405-\n521-2991 or www.oid.ok.gov. Additionally, a consumer assistance program can help you file your appeal. Contact the Oklahoma Department of Insurance's\nConsumer Health Assistance Program at 1-405-521-2991 or visit www.cms.gov/CCIIO/Resources/Consumer-Assistance-Grants/ok.html.\n\nDoes this plan provide Minimum Essential Coverage? Yes.\n\nMinimum Essential Coverage generally includes plans, health insurance available through the Marketplace or other individual market policies, Medicare, Medicaid,\nCHIP, TRICARE, and certain other coverage. If you are eligible for certain types of Minimum Essential Coverage, you may not be eligible for the premium tax credit.\n\nDoes this plan meet the Minimum Value Standards? Yes.\nIf your plan doesn't meet the Minimum Value Standards, you may be eligible for a premium tax credit to help you pay for a plan through the Marketplace.\n\nLanguage Access Services:\n\nSpanish (Espa\u00f1ol): Para obtener asistencia en Espa\u00f1ol, llame al 1-800-942-5837.\n\nTagalog (Tagalog): Kung kailangan ninyo ang tulong sa Tagalog tumawag sa 1-800-942-5837.\n\nChinese(\u4e2d\u6587):\u5982\u679c\u9700\u8981\u4e2d\u6587\u7684\u5e2e\u52a9,\u8bf7\u62e8\u6253\u8fd9\u4e2a\u53f7\u7801 1-800-942-5837.\n\nNavajo (Dine): Dinek'ehgo shika a\u0165'ohwol ninisingo, kwiijigo holne' 1-800-942-5837.\n\nTo see examples of how this plan might cover costs for a sample medical situation, see the next section.\n\n<!-- PageNumber=\"Page 6 of 7\" -->\n<!-- PageBreak -->\n\n<!-- PageHeader=\"About these Coverage Examples:\" -->\n\n\n<figure>\n\n!\n\n</figure>\n\n\nThis is not a cost estimator. Treatments shown are just examples of how this plan might cover medical care. Your actual costs will be different\ndepending on the actual care you receive, the prices your providers charge, and many other factors. Focus on the cost-sharing amounts\n(deductibles, copayments and coinsurance) and excluded services under the plan. Use this information to compare the portion of costs you might\npay under different health plans. Please note these coverage examples are based on self-only coverage.\n\nPeg is Having a Baby\n(9 months of in-network pre-natal care and a\nhospital delivery)\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<td>The plan's overall deductible</td>\n<td>$1,500</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Specialist copayment</td>\n<td>$50</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Hospital (facility) coinsurance</td>\n<td>20%</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Other coinsurance</td>\n<td>20%</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\nThis EXAMPLE event includes services like:\nSpecialist office visits (prenatal care)\nChildbirth/Delivery Professional Services\nChildbirth/Delivery Facility Services\nDiagnostic tests (ultrasounds and blood work)\nSpecialist visit (anesthesia)\n\nTotal Example Cost\n\n$12,700\n\nIn this example, Peg would pay:\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<td colspan=\"2\">Cost Sharing</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Deductibles</td>\n<td>$1,500</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Copayments</td>\n<td>$30</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Coinsurance</td>\n<td>$2,000</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\nWhat isn't covered\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<td>Limits or exclusions</td>\n<td>$60</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>The total Peg would pay is</td>\n<td>$3,590</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\nManaging Joe's Type 2 Diabetes\n(a year of routine in-network care of a well-\ncontrolled condition)\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<td>The plan's overall deductible</td>\n<td>$1,500</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Specialist copayment</td>\n<td>$50</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Hospital (facility) coinsurance</td>\n<td>20%</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Other coinsurance</td>\n<td>20%</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\nThis EXAMPLE event includes services like:\nPrimary care physician office visits (including\ndisease education)\nDiagnostic tests (blood work)\n\nPrescription drugs\nDurable medical equipment (glucose meter)\n\nTotal Example Cost\n\n$5,600\n\nIn this example, Joe would pay:\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<td colspan=\"2\">Cost Sharing</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Deductibles</td>\n<td>$800</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Copayments</td>\n<td>$800</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Coinsurance</td>\n<td>$0</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td colspan=\"2\">What isn't covered</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Limits or exclusions</td>\n<td>$20</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>The total Joe would pay is</td>\n<td>$1,620</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\nMia's Simple Fracture\n(in-network emergency room visit and follow up\ncare)\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<td>The plan's overall deductible</td>\n<td>$1,500</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Specialist copayment</td>\n<td>$50</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Hospital (facility) coinsurance</td>\n<td>20%</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Other coinsurance</td>\n<td>20%</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\nThis EXAMPLE event includes services like:\nEmergency room care (including medical\nsupplies)\nDiagnostic test (x-ray)\nDurable medical equipment (crutches)\n\nRehabilitation services (physical therapy)\n\nTotal Example Cost\n\n$2,800\n\nIn this example, Mia would pay:\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<td colspan=\"2\">Cost Sharing</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Deductibles</td>\n<td>$1,500</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Copayments</td>\n<td>$200</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Coinsurance</td>\n<td>$0</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\nWhat isn't covered\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<td>Limits or exclusions</td>\n<td>$0</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>The total Mia would pay is</td>\n<td>$1,700</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\n<!-- PageFooter=\"The plan would be responsible for the other costs of these EXAMPLE covered services.\" -->\n<!-- PageNumber=\"Page 7 of 7\" -->\n<!-- PageBreak -->\n\n\n<figure>\n\n<!-- PageNumber=\"6\" -->\n\n$\nBlueCross BlueShield of Oklahoma\n\n</figure>\n\n\n# Health care coverage is important for everyone.\n\nIf you, or someone you are helping, have questions, you have the right to get help and information in your language at no cost. To\ntalk to an interpreter, call 855-710-6984. We provide free communication aids and services for anyone with a disability or who needs\nlanguage assistance.\n\nWe do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, sexual orientation, health status or\ndisability. If you believe we have failed to provide a service, or think we have discriminated in another way, contact us to file a\ngrievance.\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<th>Office of Civil Rights Coordinator 300 E. Randolph St., 35th Floor Chicago, IL 60601</th>\n<th>Phone: TTY/TDD: Fax:</th>\n<th>855-664-7270 (voicemail) 855-661-6965 855-661-6960</th>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td colspan=\"3\">You may file a civil rights complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office for Civil Rights, at:</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>U.S. Dept. of Health &amp; Human Services</td>\n<td>Phone:</td>\n<td>800-368-1019</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>200 Independence Avenue SW</td>\n<td>TTY/TDD:</td>\n<td>800-537-7697</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Room 509F, HHH Building 1019 Washington, DC 20201</td>\n<td>Complaint Portal: Complaint Forms:</td>\n<td>https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/smartscreen/main.jsf https://www.hhs.gov/civil-rights/filing-a- complaint/complaint-process/index.html</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\n<table>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th>To receive language or communication assistance free of charge, please call us at 855-710-6984.</th>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Espa\u00f1oll</td>\n<td>Ll\u00e1menos al 855-710-6984 para recibir asistencia linguistica o comunicaci\u00f3n en otros formatos sin costo.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0631\u0628\u064a\u0629</td>\n<td>\u0644\u062a\u0644\u0642\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0633\u0627\u0639\u062f\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u063a\u0648\u064a\u0629 \u0623\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0648\u0627\u0635\u0644 \u0645\u062c\u0627\u0646\u064b\u0627\u060c \u064a\u0631\u062c\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u062a\u0635\u0627\u0644 \u0628\u0646\u0627 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u0642\u0645 6984-710-855.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\u7e41\u9ad4\u4e2d\u6587</td>\n<td>\u5982\u6b32\u7372\u5f97\u514d\u8cbb\u8a9e\u8a00\u6216\u6e9d\u901a\u5354\u52a9,\u8acb\u64a5\u6253855-710-6984\u8207\u6211\u5011\u806f\u7d61\u3002</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Fran\u00e7ais</td>\n<td>Pour b\u00e9n\u00e9ficier gratuitement d'une assistance linguistique ou d'une aide \u00e0 la communication, veuillez nous appeler au 855-710-6984.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Deutsch</td>\n<td>Um kostenlose Sprach- oder Kommunikationshilfe zu erhalten, rufen Sie uns bitte unter 855-710-6984 an.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>PIXEL-</td>\n<td>REMETENTE 8-1984 .</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\u0939\u093f\u0902\u0926\u0940</td>\n<td>\u0928\u093f\u0903\u0936\u0941\u0932\u094d\u0915 \u092d\u093e\u0937\u093e \u092f\u093e \u0938\u0902\u091a\u093e\u0930 \u0938\u0939\u093e\u092f\u0924\u093e \u092a\u094d\u0930\u093e\u092a\u094d\u0924 \u0915\u0930\u0928\u0947 \u0915\u0947 \u0932\u093f\u090f, \u0915\u0943\u092a\u092f\u093e \u0939\u092e\u0947\u0902 855-710-6984 \u092a\u0930 \u0915\u0949\u0932 \u0915\u0930\u0947\u0902\u0964</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Italiano</td>\n<td>Per assistenza gratuita alla lingua o alla comunicazione, chiami il numero 855-710-6984.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\ud55c\uad6d\uc5b4</td>\n<td>\uc5b8\uc5b4 \ub610\ub294 \uc758\uc0ac\uc18c\ud1b5 \uc9c0\uc6d0\uc744 \ubb34\ub8cc\ub85c \ubc1b\uc73c\ub824\uba74 855-710-6984\ubc88\uc73c\ub85c \uc804\ud654\ud574 \uc8fc\uc138\uc694.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Navajo</td>\n<td>Nin\u00e1: Doo bilag\u00e1ana bizaad dinits'\u00e1'g\u00f3\u00f3, sh\u00e1 ata' hodooni n\u00edn\u00edzingo, t'\u00e1\u00e1j\u00ed\u00edk'eh bee nahaz'a. 1-866-560-4042 jj' hod\u00edilni.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\u0641\u0627\u0631\u0633\u0649</td>\n<td>\u0628\u0631\u0627\u06cc \u062f\u0631\u0628\u0627\u0641\u062a \u06a9\u0645\u06a9 \u0631\u0628\u0627\u062f\u06cc \u0628\u0627 \u0627\u0631\u062a\u0628\u0627\u0637\u06cc \u0631\u0627\u06cc\u06af\u0627\u0646\u060c \u0644\u0637\u0641\u0627\u064b \u0628\u0627 \u0634\u0645\u0627\u0631\u0647 6984-710-855 \u062a\u0645\u0627\u0633 \u0628\u06af\u06cc\u0631\u06cc\u062f.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Polski</td>\n<td>Aby uzyska\u0107 bezp\u0142atn\u0105 pomoc j\u0119zykow\u0105 lub komunikacyjn\u0105, prosimy o kontakt pod numerem 855-710-6984.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\u0420\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439</td>\n<td>\u0427\u0442\u043e\u0431\u044b \u0431\u0435\u0441\u043f\u043b\u0430\u0442\u043d\u043e \u0432\u043e\u0441\u043f\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0437\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f \u0443\u0441\u043b\u0443\u0433\u0430\u043c\u0438 \u043f\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0432\u043e\u0434\u0430 \u0438\u043b\u0438 \u043f\u043e\u043b\u0443\u0447\u0438\u0442\u044c \u043f\u043e\u043c\u043e\u0449\u044c \u043f\u0440\u0438 \u043e\u0431\u0449\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0438, \u0437\u0432\u043e\u043d\u0438\u0442\u0435 \u043d\u0430\u043c \u043f\u043e \u0442\u0435\u043b\u0435\u0444\u043e\u043d\u0443 855-710-6984.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Tagalog</td>\n<td>Para makatanggap ng tulong sa wika o komunikasyon nang walang bayad, pakitawagan kami sa 855-710-6984.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>\u0627\u0631\u062f\u0648</td>\n<td>\u0645\u0641\u062a \u0645\u064a\u0646 \u0632\u0628\u0627\u0646 \u064a\u0627 \u0645\u0648\u0627\u0635\u0644\u062a \u06a9\u06cc \u0645\u062f\u062f \u0645\u0648\u0635\u0648\u0644 \u0643\u0631\u0646\u0649 \u0643\u0645 \u0644\u064a\u06d2\u060c \u0628\u0631\u0627\u0621 \u0643\u0631\u0645 \u0628\u0645\u064a 6984-710-855 \u064a\u0631 \u0643\u0627\u0644 \u0643\u0631\u064a.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Ti\u1ebfng Vi\u1ec7t</td>\n<td>\u0110\u1ec3 \u0111\u01b0\u1ee3c h\u1ed7 tr\u1ee3 ng\u00f4n ng\u1eef ho\u1eb7c giao ti\u1ebfp mi\u1ec5n ph\u00ed, vui l\u00f2ng g\u1ecdi cho chung toi theo s\u1ed1 855-710-6984.</td>\n</tr>\n</table>\n\n\n<!-- PageFooter=\"bcbsok.com\" -->\n"
